April Johnson had been crammed inside an apartment in San Francisco for two years, as the owners of the building refurbished it, where they took a large three story prewar home and turned it into units small enough where she felt a dog's kennel felt larger than where she was living and it would be a step up.

And with the walls so thin, all she could do was listen to the latest developments of her new neighbors.

Their latest and only developments were the sex they appeared to be having late at night on the sofa, on the kitchen table, on the floor, and in the shower. But tonight the recent development occurred in the bed. If she had her way she would have preferred that they didn't use the bed for sex because for some reason it was next to the paper thin wall which separated her apartment from theirs.

They were like her, young, energetic, and go getters willing to work all hours to become rich in the technology field. But with one exception they were a young couple and when they weren't working they were fucking. And fucking. And fucking.

"For heaven sake. Stop it this time of night," she screamed at the wall. But that never stopped anything. They got louder. And louder and louder. She had tried using ear-buds to lull herself to sleep, but not even that could silence the moans, groans, shouting, and kicking as the bed banged against the wall.

There were serious drawbacks living and working in San Francisco. She had given up spacious apartments in other neighboring cities to live in San Francisco where she could catch the trolley car to get to work. It was a little savings but not much.

As April lay in her bed wondering when she could get out of San Francisco and go someplace that didn't feel as if she was dying, the noise of moaning and groining and descriptions of female body part grew louder and unbearable.

"That's right put it all in your mouth. Yes. Yes. I want to feel your throat on my tip. Now take more of my cock. I want to know that you're mine," a male voice said shouting at the top of his lungs. Or it appeared to be shouts but April couldn't be sure.

Obviously the woman couldn't speak because she was probably occupied making the man's dreams come true at her own discomfort.

It's not that April was opposed to early morning sex, on the contrary, she would have loved to have had such mind blowing sex and waking them up instead. But she wasn't that lucky and she had to get up early to travel to a job she mildly enjoyed. And as soon as she received her Christmas bonus check, she would be able to evaluate whether she would stay on at her company because she needed an apartment where the walls weren't paper thin so she could bring a date by and maybe get lucky enough to disturb someone early in the morning with screams of ecstasy.

"I'm coming baby. Now swallow it because I have more where that came from. Yes. Yes that's my girl."

Maybe he was whispering, but because of how thin the walls were it sounded as if he was lying in the bed next to April, and she was the one he was forcing his penis down her throat. April thought banging on the wall would stop the disturbing incessant unpleasant titillating noise.

"I can hear you," she said. "It's three a.m. in the morning and I have to get to work by six."

"Shut up. Can't you see I'm trying to get an orgasm?" the hoarse voiced yelled.

"No, I can't see, thank God. Next time put a ball inside your mouth."

"Wow. You sound kinky and a little slutty to me. Would you like to join us?" the voice said in a low seductive tone amid the moans and whispers of "Yes. Yes. That's good right there. Keep doing what you're doing," he said.

"Not on your life would I join you two perverts, now shut the fuck up and let me get some sleep."

"Anything for you, babe. I like the sound of your voice and just made me come again."

"For Christ sake." And April stirred in the bed moving around and pulled the pillow over her head, and tried to get back to sleep. She couldn't because she was up. Wide awake and irritated. She couldn't deny that she was aroused by the sounds coming from the apartment next door.

Frustrated, she stepped on the wood floor. Then she heard someone banging on their ceiling. It was coming at her all kinds of ways now.

Standing in one spot and closing her eyes then inhaling and exhaling, she tramped to her small kitchen to get some peace and get something to eat. She opened the fridge and looked around.

Putting her hand on the coke in a can she sighed, "If I drink that I'll be up all night, no way." So she poured herself a small glass of orange juice and took a bite of a cold raison bagel without toasting it. Then she sat at the table where only two people could sit comfortably if one was a midget. The chairs and table looked like something you would find in a children's doll house of the rich.

Looking around at the miniature kitchen, she said, "What am I doing here?" She put her hand under her chin. "I have to get out of this place." Then she glanced down at her cat. Obviously her complaining and the neighbor's erotic moans had awakened him.

It probably made her tom cat horny because he signaled by jumping up on the window sill that he wanted out of that place. April raised the window and her cat took off. April sucked in a large breath and put her head down.

When she raised her head her clock alarm went off at precisely six a.m.

She rushed into the room to take a shower and heard her neighbor banging on the wall. "Do something with that damn clock," he said. "If I have to be awakened at this god awful hour of the morning, then my sexual habits shouldn't bother you."

After thinking about whether she should answer him or not, she decided the wise thing to do was to let it ride. She walked into her tiny shower and stayed only long enough where she could refresh herself for a long endless day of reading emails and answering calls for an absent boss who rarely shows his face.

In fact it had been so rare that in the two years of working at Steele's International, she had never seen him, which was fine with her. She hoped he stayed up in his ivory tower and never brought his ass down at least until she had a chance to get her raise where she could buy a car, and get a decent place to live in one of the neighboring cities where rent was cheaper, but the commute was hell.

At least she wouldn't have to go to work aroused each morning.

April dressed in her dark blue suit with a white shirt, applied a little makeup, applied her lip gloss, and sprayed something on her curly afro to give it a shine. She stood back and said, "Looking good, April. Now get your happy ass out. You're going to be late."

She placed her expensive red bottom high heels into her bag for a meeting at a local bar with her girlfriends. She looked forward to that meet up on Fridays. And now since it was December they would trade information about their bosses, bonus checks, and Christmas parties.

Reaching for her purse containing her limited luxuries like an expensive lipstick and shoes, she locked her door and trotted down the hallway. She turned slightly when she heard a door open and close, and then the sound of footsteps behind her. As she reached the stairs she peeked behind her.

Their eyes met and she knew by his conversation behind the skeletal wall he would say something. She felt it would be better if she ignored him. "I like what I'm seeing," his voice low and seductive. Not a bad voice. But could she risk turning to see the face behind the voice. Against her judgement she turned slightly. Big mistake. Then she walked quickly praying that he wouldn't close the distance between the two of them.

"Well, I don't like what I just saw," April said. She couldn't help herself. She had to say something. Big mistake.

"Don't get me wrong. I love black chicks and you have an ass that I would like to ride and a mouth well you know what I would do with it."

Oh my god, April thought. Look what I just unleashed.

Stopping in her tracks and pivoting around to face him, she reached into her bag, "If you don't stop harassing me I'm going to tell your girlfriend."

"Go ahead. She already asked me if I would ask you if you wanted to do a threesome," he said causally with a closed grin. April's mouth opened wide and she rolled her eyes and at the same time pulled something out of her purse.

"Do you see this?"

"Your car keys. What are you some kind of ninja warrior where you can kill me with your keys?"

"No. It's mace and I going to spray it on you and then I'm going to kick you in the balls and you won't be able to fuck your girlfriend for weeks or months if I'm lucky." He raised his hands in surrender.

"I was warned about you black chicks."

April turned and walked away from him. He kept his distance and she said, "You must have gotten your information from the television. Women, black or white, don't want to be harassed by a dick like you."

"I was just kidding. Can't you take a joke?"

"That's what all pussies say when they're getting ready to get fucked," April said not turning around. She rushed for the door. She didn't hear any shoe heels scuffing behind her. She took in and blew out a large breath of relief. She'll never make that mistake again.

She reached for the door knob, opened the door, and ran out to catch her cable car to get to her job. She would probably be late now.

|  |

---|---|---

# Dominic

# Chapter Two

Dominic Steele had worked all his life trying to build a company where he could get rich and waste his life fucking women all over the globe. That was his dream when he found himself rich at thirty and dateless.

He didn't count the women he couldn't remember their names after he would get drunk at an occasional Christmas party he attended at his friends' homes. He did remember waking up one morning on the beach with his dick in a woman's mouth, but that didn't count because he didn't know her name and he didn't want to know it.

He couldn't call that a date. He had no time for dating and he had to get his sex wherever he found it and it was usually at Christmas parties. But one he did remember was his high school prom.

He hadn't had a date since his high school and even then he didn't have time for her. He remembered asking the queen of the prom out and she accepted his invitation.

When he asked her why she would accept a date from him, she said, "Because you're a nerd and girls know nerds make the best husbands. And you have a great looking car." That was an eye opener because he never wanted to be married. He had no time for that and he didn't have time to have sex with his date before and after the prom.

It was expected that after the prom very few girls and guys would remain virgins.

The dates would get shit faced and fuck and pretend that they weren't aware that they had sex. But it wouldn't happen that night because he brought her home after the prom and dropped her in front of her house and left in his great looking car because he didn't have time to pick up a latex, and because he had a flight out to a technology convention in Las Vegas.

She would have had sex with him without the latex, but Dominic couldn't take any chances. His main focus was on other things. Like starting a tech company.

When Dominic got his start-up going, the year after college, he was twenty-two and now he's twenty-seven and asking what happened.

"What happened," his college roommate and now doctor, Jordan Nelson, asked. They sat in a booth at a bar and gave a toast to their friendship. "You haven't taken a break from that job or had good sex since you were in college. What happened to Jenna Ann anyway?"

He just remembered Jenna Ann. After he fucked her he gave her a job. He needed something and she needed a job.

"I hired her to run my company. No, to supervise my employees. She does a great job at that. Even sold me a home next to her families' place. I guess she thought we were going to get married. Like anyone else in my life, I didn't have time. When I got time, I visited my high school sweetheart again. Went back to the scene of the crime and fucked my prom date. I thought I would marry her too. I didn't want to have a relationship with a woman unless we were married. I don't believe in sleeping around. She had other thoughts."

"Which makes this even worse than I thought. And look at the way you dress. I wouldn't fuck you if I was gay, but maybe Brock would, let's ask him." They turned to wave at Brock, another one of their friends from college who had stayed friends with them longer than they could remember. Brock strutted over to the large brown leather booth.

"I see you started without me," Brock said.

"And what have you been doing lately? Boning any new interns or secretaries?" Brock rolled his eyes. "I expect that from you, Jordan."

"You know I don't believe in eating where I sleep," Brock said as he sat down near Dominic. He turned to look at him and said, "What's wrong with you beside that suit you're wearing? It looks like something your father would have worn," Brock said looking at Jordan.

"That's what I thought," Jordan said.

"It was a suit my father gave me when I started my company," Dominic said sitting straight up as if proud of his father's suit. "I just haven't had time to buy new clothing."

"You have tons of money. What the fuck are you doing with it?" Brock asked.

"I know he isn't giving it to a woman because he doesn't have any, and he acts like he hasn't been between a woman's legs in years. You know nothing has changed. They still have the same equipment. A muff and that little man in the boat," Jordan said with a smirk.

"What are you talking about?" Dominic said narrowing his eyes and shaking his head.

"See what I mean, Brock. He knows nothing about women," Jordan said.

"Don't ask me because I know even less," Brock said.

"That's my point. We expect you not to know about women because you're gay," Jordan said raising his hand to the waitress.

"And..." Brock said.

"And you probably would faint if you came across one who liked you and didn't know you were that way," Jordan said as he and Dominic exchanged glances.

"Excuse me but this isn't about Brock and whether he's gay or likes woman. I have a problem and I need some advice," Dominic said.

"Brock can only give advice on clothing. I wouldn't trust anything he would say when it comes to women. Now that's my department," Jordan said sticking out his chest. "You know Black men are authorities on women because we aren't afraid to be turned down. We never take no. If we want a woman, we follow her and wear her down if you know what I mean," Jordan said with a closed smile as his eyes followed the waitress around the room.

"That sounds like stalking to me," Brock said with a closed smile.

The waitress turned and headed their way. Jordan nudged Dominic in the side. The young blond waitress stood over them dressed in black short shorts and a white tee top.

"What would you boys like to drink?" They gave her their order and she left.

Jordan turned to Brock, "What was that all about? She looked at you the whole time as if she wanted to fuck you on the table."

"It's that aura we gay men have that women think they can change us from gay to straight," Brock said looking across Dominic at Jordan."

"Well you are causing a lot of problems for men like me and Dominic."

"Speak for yourself, Jordan. Brock and I aren't competing for the same type of women," Dominic said.

"Men. I like sex with men. Present company excluded," Brock said looking up and seeing the young waitress standing in front of Jordan. At hearing Brock, she rolled her eyes and placed their beers in front of them and took off with a sour look.

"See what I mean. You have disappointed another young woman by taking yourself out of the pool of eligible men. And this one here, should be in the pool, and he has been wasting his life away trying to get rich," Jordan said.

"Doctors are rich," Dominic said.

"But not as rich as a single young white male with no children who doesn't date and doesn't have to spend money to get a woman to fuck you. I happen to be married with four children and getting poor every day," Jordan said.

"That's because you're married to a white woman and she keeps having children and she needs a maid. Why didn't you marry a black woman? From what I hear they like doing their own cleaning and they know how to clean," Brock said taking a sip of his beer from a glass.

"That's stereotyping," Jordan said. "I didn't always date white girls. Black woman like money as much as anyone. I see you don't watch much television. And they don't want to clean and cook anymore. I met a woman that was right for me and I didn't check to see if she was black or white. The opposite always attract. That's one of the laws of nature. No offense, Brock."

"Well my better half is black. So I don't know what you're talking about," Brock said crossing his legs and reaching for his glass and sipping his beer.

"Now back to our dear friend Dominic." Jordan slapped Dominic on the shoulder. "What can we do for you, Dominic, and what can you do to spruce up his image, Brock?"

"I can send you to my tailor. He can make you a bespoke suit," Brock said.

"A what?" Jordan asked.

"I can't believe you went to medical school and you don't know what bespoke means," Brock said proud of the fact that he knew something Jordan didn't know.

"Mr. Know it all doesn't know that bespoke means it's made especially for that person," Brock said looking at Jordan and Dominic."

"Did you know that, Dominic?" Dominic shook his head yes. He had gone to some of the best schools and traveled abroad, but when it came to women, he was a novice and just getting started. He would make sure his next years would be having fun and fucking all the women he set his eyes on. After all what was money for if not to enjoy it?

"The first thing I see is that you have to lose those glasses and get some contacts. I've never seen you without them even when we were roommates. I've seen you naked, and you were wearing those hideous glasses. Have you ever seen him without those big black horn-rimmed glasses, Jordan?" Brock asked.

Dominic reached for his eyeglasses and placed them on the table. "Damn, you look like a new man," Jordan said. "Handsome. But not as handsome as me of course. A young Brad Pit before Angelina. I didn't know you had green eyes?"

"I would even fuck you," Brock said, and Dominic's brow furrowed. "You know what I mean, Dominic." Then Dominic smiled at Brock letting him know he understood. That sealed that. He would get contacts.

"Anything else I need to do?" Dominic asked.

"Lear how to eat pussy," Jordan said. Brock raised an eyebrow.

"I'm well versed on that front," Dominic said.

"Well excuse me. I guess you had time for that. You must be holding something from us," Jordan said slanting his head to the side.

"I need a critique on my looks. Should I grow a beard?"

"Yeah that. And get the fuck out of San Francisco for a few weeks and get some sun. Go to the beach where the women are. You've heard of California girls. It's true. I met my wife in Los Angeles on the beach. Your skin looks pasty like you've been held hostage. Lie around the beach, soak up some sun, watch the girls, and then fuck day and night and then come back to your company. It will still be there and you will be a new man. Trust me, women won't be able to resist you. After all you have a great body. You just need to calm the fuck down," Jordan said looking to Brock to validate his thoughts. Brock nodded yes at every sentence.

A smile crossed Dominic's face. "I've got a place in Malibu."

"Why the fuck didn't you say something before I got married. We could have had my bachelor party there instead of Vegas," Jordan said looking at Dominic.

"I think I'll take your advice and go to my Malibu home. I've got a Christmas party for my company employees coming up and I've been meaning to attend and just haven't gotten around to it. Didn't have the time." Dominic shook his head.

"Then take the time. Life's too short and damn man, I bet you haven't had good sex in years. Crazy mindless sober sex. Fucking day and night. Trying everything. Your cock staying hard," Jordan said with a broad smile showing his brilliant white teeth, "the kind you never want to let go of," Jordan said looking at Dominic with a wide smile as if he was reliving it in his mind.

"You're lucky you don't go blind," Jordan said laughing at Dominic who wasn't amused. "Just kidding."

"I know. No one who has an ounce of sense would believe that old wives tale, but just the same get you some pussy, dude, or whatever floats your boat. I don't judge," Brock said smiling at Dominic.

"Don't look at me like that, Brock, it makes me nervous," Dominic said.

"You're not my type," Brock said.

"Now. You've hurt my feelings," Dominic said glancing at his watch. "I have to call Ralph and have him open my Malibu home and get it clean for the weekend. I hate to leave you guys, but I have things to do tomorrow. Like buy a new pair of glasses and get some contacts."

"Don't forget my tailor. Here's his card," Brock said reaching inside his suit pocket. "Another thing. If you find a girl you like, just tell her you're gay, and you won't have to worry, she'll fuck you that first night."

"Come on. I don't think I'll go that far," Dominic said.

"It works," Jordan said. I told my wife I was gay. Took Brock's advice. Women seem to think that everyone in San Francisco is gay. I thought that would turn her off, but she kept coming on to me."

"She knew you were a doctor and you had never had a gay relationship in your life. Every time a woman passed you, you were looking at her ass as if you were sniffing her like a dog in heat. Women aren't stupid. They have detectors. They know when you're serious. So remember, Dominic, if you go the gay route you can't go for long because they will test you and you will fail the test, and they will have you by your dick and balls," Brock said with a smirk.

After leaving his friends Dominic was sorry he had even consulted those two. He was back where he started, totally confused. He would take some of their advice but not all. He would start with the eyeglasses. The suits would come later. All he needed in the way of clothes were swim trunks and sun tan lotion.

It was time to come out and stop hiding behind his job. He had all the money he needed now and what next? Now it was time to pay his employees back for all their sacrifices and hard work and do something special for himself--take time off and relax.

|  |

---|---|---

# April

# Chapter Three

"Are you going this afternoon? The minute December rolls around the parties start," April said.

"Excuse me. I start partying the minute I take in the Jack-o-Lanterns down. That's when I hang out the Christmas lights and they may not come down until June."

"Don't you think that's a little too soon," April said to Kesha as they rushed into the office from lunch, after taking off their flats and depositing them into their desk drawer. They turned on their computers at their desk where they set side by side.

"No one's back from lunch yet," Kesha said looking around. "That's what you get for following the rules. The holiday comes around and that's the time to celebrate. Yesterday we got drunk in the restroom and no one noticed," Kesha said with a giggle.

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"Because we didn't want you raining on our parade. No one's around to tell us we can't do that. They're all on vacation but they're coming in for the annual Christmas party a week before Christmas. That fucking boss of ours thinks that because he never sleeps and he works his ass off we should do the same. And if he doesn't give me a better Christmas bonus he might not see my ass next year," Kesha said.

"You've been saying that since I came here. But I do need more in my check. I need to get another apartment. I have this pervert who gets off by letting everyone in the apartment building know how good he's enjoying himself having sex."

"Wow. I'd like to meet him," Kesha said rubbing her hands together and gyrating around in her chair as if she's doing a lap dance.

"Seriously, I have to move. I can't get any rest. I have a vacation coming and I need to go somewhere and sleep for a week."

"You know I would invite you over, April, but my boyfriend Randy doesn't like my friends," Kesha said.

"He never met me."

"I know, but he thinks they're a bad influence on me."

"He doesn't know you very well does he?" April said as she raised an eyebrow. "Does he know about your former boyfriend and what a jerk he was?"

"No, and I don't plan on telling him."

"Well when he shows up at your door drunk and asking to come in and professing his love for you, then I won't have to tell Randy. He'll know what kind of men you date."

"Used to date. At least I was dating." She turned to April. "I haven't seen you date anyone since you've been working here, and there are plenty of guys that want to take you out," Kesha said.

"I'm just not interested. I have to save enough money for an apartment. Once a man sees me living in that broom closet, it will turn them off. Which is great for me at this time. I'm just not where I want to be in life."

"Who is and where the fuck is that?"

"I want a fancy convertible. It doesn't have to be an expensive one. I want a diamond ring and it doesn't have to be a big one and most of all I want to marry a rich handsome man."

"There is no way in hell you're going to find a Santa like that. Not in San Francisco. You may have to go away for that, and speaking of leaving, didn't you say you needed to get away. Well here comes Jenna Ann. She's looking for someone to do house sitting."

"Hey Jenna, she's one of those rich white girls who wants to work for a living," Kesha whispered out the side of her mouth. "But if you asked me, she's after the boss.  Hey girl. I found someone to do house sitting."

"Hi, is everything ok?"

"This is April. You know April," Kesha said.

Jenna a tall brunette with flawless skin and grey eyes strutted in April and Kesha's direction. She wore tailored suits from the best stores in San Francisco. She never failed to have on a pair of high heels. That's because she rarely left her office and rarely walked around the large building. She fired off emails from her computer and kept everyone busy where she knew where they were every minute.

"Hi. Jenna. We know each other. I'm her assistant. You're in today," April said surprised. "I've called and emailed everyone on that list you sent me," April said.

"April is looking for a place where she can rest for a week." Jenna's face gave way to a wide smile.

"You're an answer to my prayers. My parents asked me to stay at their home and I have all this work and it is due next week. I had to turn them down. Could you do me a favor, April? Just this once? You can do your work from there."

April didn't like what Jenna had proposed. Even on her vacation Jenna was loading her up with things to do. She's impressing the boss with April's hard work and getting raises at April's expense. But April needed the money and she needed to work so she grinned.

"That's perfect for a vacation. It's next week," April said. "Where is their home located?"

"In Los Angeles on the beach."

"I'm afraid I can't go. I can't afford the fare," April said hoping to get out of it.

"It's not that expensive," Kesha said. April glanced up at Kesha with narrow eyes.

"Don't worry about the fare and the taxi expense. I've got that. The place is fully stocked with everything you want to drink and eat. Just relax and rest and I'll send you some papers as attachments. You will be doing me a big favor. I have to complete some reports for Mr. Steele. Did you check his email and make appointments for him?" Jenna questioned.

"Sure. Everything's completed because I had planned on taking my vacation this year but only one week." April looked up at the time Dominic Steele emerged from his office and was leaving to go to a tailor. "Who is that? I've never seen him before," April asked.

"Mr. Steele. He rarely comes out of his office. I've been trying to get him to go to dinner with me but he works his ass off and then goes home. Something important must have happened for him to show his face. He likes to give his employees space to do their jobs without them being afraid that someone is looking over their shoulders. He is confident that his HR hired the most competent and able people. Like you, April. You've never seen him and you're his personal assistant. Well mine too. He raves about you all the time," Jenna said.

More like your personal assistant and his, you're probably taking the credit for all that work I've been doing, April thought.

"How old is he?" April said looking over past the desk and through the open windows. She caught a glimpse of him from behind.

"He's twenty-seven." And Jenna Ann took off waving at Dominic Steele to wait for her. She caught him and they entered the elevator together.

"He doesn't look twenty-seven," April said to Kesha. "Look at that sorry plaid suit he's wearing. Are you sure he's got any money because that's the only reason I can see for these sad bonuses we've been getting. And why haven't we seen him before?" Kesha said. "He must be ashamed of being a tight wad. Mr. fucking Scrooge.

"He works until everyone is gone. He doesn't date. At least that's the talk around here," April said.

"I've come to one conclusion. He's gay. I should have known that. With a fine ass like that and he hides it underneath those clothes, he's got to be gay or I don't know what the fuck he is but he's strange," Kesha said.

"Why does everyone have to be gay or strange in San Francisco, Kesha?" April asked. "We live in San Francisco and we're not gay or strange.

"Eighty percent of his workforce are females and he never once came down to speak to us. This is a hen house for a rooster," Kesha said.

"Did you even see the way he walked," April said her head slanted with a smile crawling across her face. "I saw his tight hard ass. He looks tough and lean," April said.

"He's a hen," Kesha said.

"No. He's a rooster, I should know," Jenna Ann said in a southern drawl. When April and Kesha looked up, she was standing over them with her arms crossed staring at the elevator with a smile. "We have a dinner date." Kesha cut her eyes at April.

"Time out with all this talk. I have to finish my work so I can go to Los Angeles tomorrow. Can I house sit starting tomorrow?" April said to Jenna.

"The sooner the better, and I'll take care of all the arrangements. See me before you leave today."

"Would you like to have a drink with us this evening?" Kesha said.

"Sure."

"I'll stop by your office," April said. When Jenna left Kesha glanced at her.

"Why did you invite her for drinks? Don't you know she's Mr. Steele's right hand? She's the one who watches us for him," Kesha said, with a grim look, her mouth drooping at the corners.

"If you do your work, then what do you have to worry about?" April questioned.

"I might get drunk and say something I shouldn't."

"Then don't get drunk. You shouldn't get drunk anyway."

"But it's Christmas and I need to get drunk to go home to my boyfriend who has a stick up his ass. I have to be drunk to deal with him. He likes his meals on time, the bed made every morning, and his house clean and he wants me to cook. I'm not used to cleaning up behind a man. And fuck cooking. That's what we have fast food for."

"Then get a maid."

"You know how some men are and he's a black man. He thinks he already has a maid. Me."

"Then stand up to him, tell him to do the shit himself."

"That's easy for you to say, April, you don't have a man fucking you good and making you hot every night where you want to do anything and everything for him. Like go down on him in the shower. It's hard on the knees."

"No. And I hope I never get like that."

"It could happen to you one day. I hope it's soon so you know how I feel."

"I'll deal with that when it happens but it's not happening today. Now can we get on with our work? After today, I'm going to need to get drunk. White girl drunk," April said with Kesha laughing and agreeing.

|  |

---|---|---

# April

# Chapter Four

Finally April reached the airport into Los Angeles and took a limo out to Malibu. Jenna called her as the taxi entered the gated community and pulled up the driveway to Jenna's parents' home.

"Did everything go ok? I left special instructions for security."

"Great. No problems. This is going to be the best time I've had in years," April said looking around and catching a whiff of the ocean air.

"Speaking of a good time. I'd like to thank you for inviting me out with you and your girlfriends. I really appreciate you doing that. Everyone's afraid of me and I can't make any friends around the office."

"Let me thank you for this great vacation in this lovely house. Now I can get some rest that is after I get these reports off to you." April and Jenna Ann said goodbye. She switched her phone off and reached into her purse to tip the driver, but he said it wasn't necessary because everything was taken care of by Jenna.

Walking into the art filled house was like walking into a dream. Modern art on the walls. Low sectional sofa in cream colors. The kitchen to die for and a dream if she cooked. Now she would have to cook. "No fast food for this place," she said.

April dropped her bag and headed straight for the balcony. She stood gripping the railing leaning forward.

The fresh ocean air hit her and she thought she had died and gone to heaven. She took a deep breath and sank on to a chair on the deck. She looked to her right, there were stairs, and down those stairs in front of the house, the Pacific Ocean. She would lie in the sun and get a tan and maybe dip her feet in the cold ocean water.

She had a weeks' worth of dreams she thought would come true.

Her light skin was never as light as it had been since she came to San Francisco and all that fog, and cold had contributed to her taking on an even lighter color. She wanted to be honey brown again. Maybe because she had been working from sun up to sun down that she didn't realize she had lost the true color of her skin. She would get it back and today she would get herself back. She would be herself again.

She raised her arms over her head and leaned back and closed her eyes. When she woke it was midday so she sauntered into the house. Still she felt tired. April didn't turn on the television as she sank on the soft sofa. She didn't eat. She was too tired to do either.

When she woke again it was dark except for the moon overhead. She could see lights in the house next door. She remembered thinking that Jenna had said that the house was vacant and no one would be there. So she rose from the sofa and managed to get her tired self to change into a large tee shirt. Her sleeping uniform which consisted of an old tee and bikini underwear.

Trotting to the fridge she grabbed a wedge of exotic cheese and crackers she had never seen or tasted before. She ate and headed into the bedroom. She stood looking at the bed with a smile.

April fell asleep across a large California king and as the temperature dropped, she woke and searched around the bedroom to find a blanket in the closet and wrapped herself in it. Just as she was getting comfortable, there was a large banging of music and screams. The bass was so deep it felt as if she was going to be knocked out of the bed by the rumbling sound.

"Oh for fuck sake. Who did I kill to deserve this?"

She jumped to the floor and rushed to the terrace. From the terrace she saw that someone was having a party. When the music died down for a second and before it started again, she heard the voices of young men and woman in the house, and about twenty more outside running and screaming and jumping into the ocean.

There was an especially chilling laugh when they discovered how cold the water was. April stood on the terrace and yelled, "Can you please lower the music."

Everyone continued as if they didn't hear or see her. "Can you turn down that music," she tried screaming over the guitar playing and drums.

Then she spotted this incredible handsome man looking at her from his deck. "We're having a party. He had a bottle of liquor in his hand and he took a drink."

"I can see that. But I'm trying to sleep," April said.

"Are you sleeping alone?"

"That's none of your business."

"Too bad. But you need to lighten up. It's Christmas. We're having a party."

"It's not Christmas yet, and I'm trying to get some rest," April shouted. "Can you turn the music down?"

"Why don't you come over here and we can rest together, but I don't guarantee you or I will be sleeping. I might even straighten out that Afro for you." That did it. Another rude asshole she thought.

"You probably couldn't do anything drunk as you are." She grinned and said, "But I bet if you came to me, I would put some lead in that pencil."

He glanced down at the stairs and swayed a little. He thought about going to April, but knew he couldn't make it down the stairs without falling on his ass. He didn't want to take a chance on falling down his stairs and never making it up her stairs. That wouldn't be cool in front of this pretty woman.

"Come over here, and I'll show you how drunk I am." The music slowed and two women sauntered on the terrace and took both of his hands and after looking April's way pulled him into the house. April stood and watched as a light came on in one of the upper floors.

She watched as she saw three silhouettes enter a room and the man lay down on the bed. The lights were turned off in that room, but she could still see them. The man on his back, one woman between his legs apparently with his cock in her mouth, she envisioned, and heaven knows what the other woman was doing.

She went back into the house, jumped into bed and placed her earbuds in and a pillow over her head, and tried to get some sleep. It was difficult but not impossible because she had been working her ass off for Steele's Incorporation.

When she woke, she was surprised how relaxed she felt, even after that annoying music and that smoking hot guy standing on the terrace baiting her. She wished she had taken him up on his offer, but she didn't do the threesome or foursome thing. She was an old fashion girl looking for an old fashion guy to light her fire. She just wanted mindless crazy sex between two people. If he ate her, and she sucked him off, that would be fine with her, but just the two of them going at it. Not a crowd.

Walking to the terrace with a coffee cup in her hand she turned to take a sip and saw him standing on the terrace with Christmas boxer shorts decorated with reindeers, and no shirt.

The temptation of his wide shoulders, long muscular arms, and hard body is too much for April and she almost falls across the banister. She has to hold on to it to keep from fainting. Lust over takes her before she can bring her body under control.

"Can I get a cup of coffee?" he asked with an irresistibly devilish grin.

April felt breathless at first and then she recovered. "Are you talking to me?" He glanced around and his smile widen. Beautiful teeth. Beautiful green eyes with those heavenly long dark lashes. Handsome strong face, she thought.

"Since there's nobody here but you and me, then I guess I am talking to you," he said with an easy smile.

"After you insulted me about my Afro there is no way I'm inviting you to coffee." She wished she hadn't said that.

His smile relaxed and he said, "I didn't know I had insulted you. I didn't know what to say to you, and I was drunk," Dominic said.

April thought any man who can fuck two women at one time and can try to get another one in his bed had to have known what he was doing. Or he was an idiot.

"This is all new for me," he said.

"I see how new this is to you. I saw it last night." Her mouth tightened.

"So you're a peeping tom," he said.

"You're an idiot. I don't want to talk to you." And she made a gesture to turn her back to him.

"Would you settle for I was drunk?"

"Not even that. You're a man with experience." Dominic grinned. Not a wide one. That was a compliment he hadn't expected.

"And you're going to tell me that you're not a woman who has a certain amount of experience."

"No I'm not telling you that, but what I'm saying is I know when a man is full of himself and you are full of yourself."

"Why don't you come to me and let me show you how wrong you are."

"Why don't you stay where you are and let me believe what I want to believe about you."

"Because you are wrong about me, and you have peaked my curiosity, and when I'm curious about a woman, I have to know more about her."

"The only thing you will know about me is that I'm young, black, and I don't want to talk to you."

"And beautiful. You're the prettiest woman I've seen in a long time."

"You had a house full last night."

"But I wasn't attracted to any of them. It's something about you that I like. That draws me in to you." Dominic's voice is low and hoarse.

"I bet you say that to all the women you take to bed."

"As a matter of fact if you knew me better, you would know that I haven't said that to a woman in years."

"Why, are you gay, and you want to prove to yourself that you're not?" She raised an eyebrow and shot him a smirk raising the right side of her mouth.

"I gave you an invitation last night. You could have found out all that you needed to find out about me. You would have certainly discovered if I were gay." And he shot her an erotic smile and a wink. "The invitation is still open. Care to change me from gay to straight?"

"Like I said, I found out all I needed about you. I'm getting hungry talking to you. I'm going to cook breakfast."

"You can cook. Oh I forgot you're black. Black women cook."

"Now I know I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to have coffee or breakfast with you. Ever." April swiveled on her heels quick and strutted into the house.

"What did I say? Come back," he shouted at April. "You have a beautiful ass. I mean assets. You have beautiful eyes," Dominic said as April scurried into the house. She forgot all she had been wearing was a tee and panties where her cheeks were ample and the panties a few sizes too small to cover her tight hard ass.

|  |

---|---|---

# April and Dominic

# Chapter Five

Day two passed and hardly a sound from her neighbor, but when she had her feet up and ready to watch her favorite show, the noise of music and chatter began swelling to a climax. April rushed to the terrace hoping to see the stranger again. It was something about him that turned her on. Maybe it was that gorgeous tanned body holding up those long legs and wide shoulders. And he's attractive beyond belief, she thought.

Maybe it was his green eyes, dark curly hair, crooked grin and that beautiful mouth filled with white teeth, and the slight beard that made her wet with desire. He was right over there begging to be fuck and she was standing there wanting to be fucked. They were made for each other. What could be more fortuitous than this moment in time? Something had put these two together and now April was resisting.

He's white and I'm black. How is that going to work out? She questioned. That's just like you to let an opportunity like this pass you by. You only get one chance and when you miss it, it takes forever to come back. Her mind was pleading with her to take a chance. Take a chance on love, if not love, on something, anything.

Take a chance on one night of sheer bliss by gazing into that gorgeous man's eyes as she's being held in his arms and fucked to oblivion.

If not, you straddle him, place the tip of his cock over your opening and ease down on it until it's all resting inside you, and then dig your hips into his groin as you drop your nipples into his mouth one by one. Show him how you can fuck him ten ways to ecstasy, her mind is telling her.

Who gives a fuck if you find love or not? Live for once. Her mind called to her.

And April didn't shout and she didn't complain. She just stripped her panties off like the women running nude on the sand, with their men chasing them, and then the screaming and laughing in the cold ocean water when the men caught them and kissed them.

But she will draw a line at swimming in the ocean. Not because she couldn't swim but because ocean water was different than swimming in a pool.

April would pretend and frolic around naked until he spotted her. She glanced up to see him standing on the terrace, looking at her, with a drink in his hand, a Santa's cap on his head, wearing a pair of red green and white shorts with a reindeer galloping around a Christmas tree, and a blond woman wrapped around his naked hard shoulders pressed against those Christmas shorts.

It didn't take much of an imagination to know that he had a hard on under those shorts the way the blond was leaning into him.

She wasn't nude yet, but from what April saw or thought she saw a few days ago, his hormones were raging, and it wouldn't be long before he had her in the bed, so April had to get his attention immediately.

"Hey there handsome, bad Santa, want to go for a swim?" she added a sultry low tone to her voice. She hadn't practice that ever. She had no need to and it came out sexy just the way she imagined and Santa turned and smiled at her.

Dominic looked up and across at April, and she saw his eyes light up and his eyes smile, then he handed the girl his glass. The young blond in a bikini glanced up at him, whispered in his ear and then looked down at the glass, then over to April as April held her bikini top by one finger and dropped it to the floor of the deck and turned away from him.

Dominic turned facing her so he could get a better look at her perfect full tantalizing ass. And then April facing him strode down the stairs slowly and carefully holding on to the railing giving him a worthy frontal look at her hard perky breasts and dark nipples.

She knew her best assets but never used them lately. She had too much to do before she could think about a relationship. But this wouldn't be a long lasting relationship, at best, it would be a one night stand, but she could drag it on until it was time to go and she could probably get some rest in between.

Dominic's eyes were surveying April in her entirety from her face to her stunning ebony body to her taut legs.

She got a bikini wax thinking she would need one if she was to go swimming. But the woman had convinced her to take off a little more than she wanted, but now she was thankful she had. At the time she didn't realize she would be running around on a beach naked.

"Sure I'm coming," he said forgetting the girl standing around looking at the both of them and then tiring and moving on to the next guy sitting with a drink in his hand.

"Yes you are coming. If not now, very soon," April said with a wink, promising more than she was ready to give. But she had to keep him interested and maybe she could get some sleep before she headed back to San Francisco in three days and to her job.

They both reached the sand at the same time. Dominic stood gazing on April. "You are better looking than I imagined," he said.

"Is that all you're looking for because you can find far prettier girls than me at your party."

"There's something different about you. I don't know what it is, but I intend to find out."

"Maybe it's because I'm a black woman and you've never been with a black woman?" Dominic stared at April with a closed smile.

"I may look superficial but really I'm not."

"No shit, Santa. You look a lot more than superficial. You look like you are in need of a good fuck," April said just to get him a little more committed to the night and the remaining nights that she would spend in Malibu.

"Why are you standing in your red Santa boxers?" Dominic looked down. "That's cute. Started celebrating early?" April said with a snicker. He looked cute with his long muscular legs extending downward and his feet bare.

Dominic hadn't noticed because his eyes were focused on April's glistening brown body. "I'm naked and cold and I'm feeling a little lonely," April said to Dominic. Dominic smiled.

"You are aggressive aren't you? I like aggressive women. I like woman who see what they want and take it. You saw me with that woman and you didn't waste time. You let me know that I had a chance with you. Now I'm here, you're in charge. Where do we go now?"

"It's not going to be that easy," April said in a low seductive voice. "If you want me you will have to catch me." She turned and ran into the night and Dominic rushed after her. Dropping his Santa shorts in the sand as he ran.

What Dominic didn't know was that April had been a long distance runner in school and even if she wasn't as fast and a little slower in the sand, she had endurance.

If she could get Santa to be with her tonight and the remaining nights, maybe he would suspend the partying, then she could get some rest, and go home pleased that she had met a man that she would never have to see again. But deep down inside she liked what she saw and he wasn't the aggressor. He enjoyed women when they went after him because he seldom did. He had been too focused on becoming rich by age twenty-seven.

He had lost the art of competing for a woman.

As she ran, she could hear him behind her. Anyone else would have stopped after running a mile along the beach at night. But he kept going and going. What kind of man was he? April questioned. He either liked her or he wanted to fuck badly in which case tonight he wouldn't get to have sex with her because she wasn't ready.

And therefore she would literary Fuck Santa because she wasn't going to have sex with a stranger even if he caught her. At least not on the first night especially if that was all he was after. It had to be all he was after because he didn't know her, she thought.

So she didn't mind teaching Santa a lesson. Don't fuck with tired overworked black women.

|  |

---|---|---

# April and Dominic

# Chapter Six

"Stop. I give up. I'm exhausted," Dominic said panting for breath as he gave out a weak yell. April turned with a satisfied smile to see Dominic bent over and holding his knees. She trotted back where he planted his feet in the sand to see him regurgitating everything he had eaten and drank that evening.

When she slowly approached Dominic she didn't smile, but deep down she liked to see him vulnerable. "Let me help you," April said as he turned to slog into the waves of the Pacific Ocean. He leaned down, grabbed a hand full of salt water and splashed it on his face. April took her hand and wiped the dribble off his chest.

They faced each other. April gazed into his eyes getting a better look at him with the large moon providing some light and the faint LED lamp post overhead casting a shadow along his magnificent face.

Damn he's handsome, she thought. I could be in his arms right now and raking my hands through his silky curls and letting him fuck my brains out. I have no one to blame but myself. I'm always a dollar short and a day late. That's what my mother would say if she were alive.

They stood for that moment gazing at each other. Dominic had the impulse to kiss her, but after looking like a fool, and his mouth smelling like garbage, he let that go. It wouldn't happen tonight, but he would try later.

"I don't know what happened to me," Dominic said taking a deep breath and straightening up.

"I do." But April didn't tell him. She chuckled softly. "We had better get back before someone wakes up and see us cavorting around nude and call security."

"This community is used to this. It happens all the time."

"Nevertheless, I'm cold and you're in bad shape. You need some peace and quiet and a little rest. At least for three days." Dominic raised an eyebrow. He was aware of what April had done and he wasn't going to let that sideline him. He was more determined than ever to be with her.

When they reached the beach houses, a group of partygoers were camped outside in front of a fire. He saw two blankets on the sand and handed one to April and stood and wrapped her shivering body in it. Then he placed one over his head and held on to her taking her down to the sand with her fitting comfortably on his lap.

Her soft warm naked body is leaning into him for warmth. He plants a small quick kiss on the nape of her neck. She turns and to his surprise straddles him.

Now is his chance. She can say yes or reject him all together. He placed his hands on her thigh and then cupped her breasts as she looked into his heavenly green eyes. She had forgotten her plans. But she remembered when his finger found her clit and began rubbing it with the pad of his finger. Then he placed a finger inside her wet opening and her head fell back as she moaned in delight.

There was nothing between them to prevent him from placing his penis in her. He was hard and if she rose just a little he could enter her.

April's moan was so satisfying and loud that it jarred her out of her dream and she realized what was happening. "No. No." She whimpered in a soft sultry voice. "We can't here on the sand in front of everyone."

"No one will see us." Dominic looked around. "They don't even know we're here and I doubt whether they care," he said his voice giving out a soft moan as he rocked his hips on her butt to calm his over stimulated body.

Dominic kissed April's lips and dragged his mouth to her shoulder and up her neck and her reflex was the tightening of her legs and a moan escaping from her lips as he moved his finger around her heated opening.

"What if I take a shower and go to your place?" Dominic said breathless. "There are too many people in my house for you to go there, it's better to go with you," he said out of breath wanting to feel April on his dick, and knowing that two women were waiting at his home eager to take him in his room and give him a blow job.

At least that's what they promised him before he left with April, but for some reason he wasn't the least interested in them. It was this brown warm body, this tight pussy which held his attention. And he didn't want to have to wait. He needed her now.

"I'm a little tired with all the running," April said pushing back from him where he had to pull his large hands from her, and from her position on his erect penis. "I'll just go in and get into bed. I need some rest. You should go home. Sometimes people get drunk and want to trash the place. Get rid of your company and..." Dominic cut her off.

"Then can I join you?" he paused. "In bed." April shot him a small smile. She had gotten too hot to allow this perfect too beautiful handsome man get next to her. Next thing she would be giving him a blow job. Or let him whip her ass as he tied her to his bed posts and she would say nothing but beg for more.

She couldn't trust herself anymore. She wasn't used to someone like him and she knew it wouldn't take much before she would want to sleep with him. Not one night but every night for the rest of her life.

"I don't sleep well with someone in the bed. I'm used to sleeping alone," April said to him.

"So am I, used to sleeping alone, but I'm willing to make an exception for you," Dominic said with a curled lip and a raised eyebrow. He stood looking into her eyes. Her browns mingling with his greens.

"I wouldn't want you to do that. Not for me," she said walking away when he caught her hand and turned her to face him once more. They stared at each other. It was heated. It was seductive and it was no denying the attraction. She knew it and he knew it.

"I was hoping you said you were single," he said with a satisfied glance at her.

"The question I should ask is are you single?"

"Don't I look single? Would a married man have crazy parties at his home? And fall for a woman where I run around naked on the beach? Contrary to what you think, I don't make it a habit to go nude in public and with women, but you are an exception. I would run naked with you anywhere." His smile awakened her senses and she almost gave in to him.

"Well I will have to take you at your word, Santa." He smiled. It was the way she said Santa that had him ready to throw her on a bed and have his way with her. Crawl between her legs and never come up for air.

"Can I come for breakfast?"

"I don't think so. I'm going to stay in bed a little longer in the morning and I suggest you do the same. That is if you have a bed to sleep in. You seem to have a full house all the time."

"If you cook me breakfast, or I send out for breakfast for us, I promise you there will be no more parties. I'm leaving Friday and I'd like to see and be with you if you don't mind?" He said gazing at her like a love sick fool.

"I'll call you if I plan to cook breakfast." April turned and sauntered up the stairs with the blanket hugging her bottom. Dominic stood watching her smoking hot ass and long legs thinking how fucking awesome it would be to place his dick between those tight cheeks. His mouth opened slightly and he slid his tongue across his lips like a dog waiting for his favorite snack.

"But you don't have my number," he said.

When April reached the terrace she turned and looked down at him, "I don't need it. I'll stand out on the terrace and yell. I'm sure after all that noise with the music, your neighbors won't mind me shouting, breakfast is ready." Dominic shook his head with a closed smile splashed on his face. He rushed to the bottom of April's stairs and looked up at her. All he could see was her beautiful brown eyes from the rising sun and lips that would fit his dick perfectly.

"Will you kiss me before I go?"

"I'm afraid not, Santa." April gestured with her finger, his face had droll on his chin, and his mouth had an odor from his vomit. He passed his hand over his mouth, cupped his hand to check his breath and jogged up his stairs to his deck. When he reached the deck he turned and stood looking in April's direction.

She waved at him, and he trudged through a throng of hanger-on's and stepped across a group of drunk bodies lying around with some sleeping on his deck chairs and sofas. As exhausted as he felt, he hoped there was no one in his bed because he would climb in bed, and he didn't care if they were man or woman, he was dead tired, but first he needed a shower.

When he reached his bedroom he was pleasantly surprised that there was no one in his room. Maybe they had the decency to take the other rooms because there were more than enough bedrooms, but not enough for forty people but only if ten people were in each room, but thank goodness some wanted to lie on the beach by a fire to talk and have sex.

He should be doing that now but he wouldn't give up the chase.

After his shower, he looked at the clock and it was now six thirty in the morning. He called Jordan because there was no use sleeping now, with that crowd at his house, and the sun would be on the horizon in another few hours, and the crowd of hungry guests would be in his house foraging for food.

He would talk to Jordan first and then order toasted bagels with cream cheese for everyone, and over breakfast tell the ones hanging in that there would be no more parties.

Dominic opened his safe and took out his new IPhone and spoke into it.

"How did you know I was just getting off from my night duty? It's my night to work in the emergency room. If you had called me any later, I would be in my bed fucking my wife. This had better be important because I'm driving home now."

"You must be in your wife's Mercedes on the speaker phone," Dominic said heckling Jordan.

"Yes, and if I was driving my old Volvo we wouldn't be talking now. I'm tired and what are you doing talking to me. You should be boning one of those hot California girls. The ones with the tan skin and long blond hair. Damn I love those California girls."

"She's not a blond."

"Don't worry brunettes are just as hot or maybe hotter."

"Can't you talk about a woman without thinking sex and fucking her?" Dominic heard over the speaker phone Jordan smack his lips with impatience. And Dominic knew Jordan rolled his eyes too. That was a quirk of his when they weren't on the same page.

Dominic didn't get it. Some men are always thinking of sex and fucking. That's what young men do if they aren't running after money and women.

"Are you going to waste my time with bullshit, get to the point because there must have been a reason why you called me this time of morning and it wasn't to discuss me driving my wife's Mercedes."

"She's a black woman. I think I'm in love with her."

"Well you are fucked now. You know what they say. Once you go black you can't go back. She has your nose open as they say. Don't ask me what the fuck that means because I have no idea."

"I never heard that saying. Is it another one of your old wives' tales?" Dominic said annoyed because his night had been crappy and there were no signs that it would get any better.

"Seriously, Jordan. I don't know what to do. I like her a lot and I haven't even had sex with her."

"Then you're royally fucked if there is such a word. If you're calling me early in the morning for advice, then you have it bad. And I surmised that she is teasing you and if I were you, I would masturbate or fuck someone maybe two women to be able to counteract what she has done to you. I know you and once you've fuck her, that's it. My advice is don't fuck her."

"Is that the advice you're giving me? Don't fuck her."

"All I can say is a woman will open her legs for a present and the bigger the present, the wider her legs will open. You're a rich dude and haven't spent a dime on a woman in ten years. Don't buy her anything outrageous. It will show just how desperate you are to get between her legs. Buy her something. Start with flowers. All women love flowers. Play hard to get with a cheap soft present. And whatever you do, don't fuck her. I can't emphasize that enough. Let her wonder about you. Let her beg for it."

"Do you think that will work on black women?"

"Trust me I know black women."

"But all you've been dating is white women," Dominic questioned.

"Does a man know that once he sees a pussy that it is to be fucked, then women are women? You've heard the song, "On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me," well leave out that Turtle dove shit and give her something she didn't expect. Start with the flowers. Just don't anticipate too much because black women are hard to figure out. Got to go now, driving into the garage. Call me when she finally begs you to fuck her."

Jordan hung up on Dominic.

"Now why would I want to call you when I have sex?" Dominic whispered to himself as he looked at the phone.

Before Dominic climbed into bed, he called the florist.

When April rose at about noon the bell was ringing. She threw on a robe and trotted to the door. The delivery guy handed her two baskets of yellow roses and then two more.

"Who are these from?" She stood with her mouth opened wide.

"It says from Santa on the card," the young man said with a closed smile as he sat the baskets down. "He must like you. You don't see men sending flowers anymore. Well if he's young. The old ones still do."

"He's young," April said with a broad smile.

"These days we just send pictures of flowers to a girl's email. Cost nothing and they're happy," the young man said with a broad smile and walked down the steps and climbed into his truck with Skillman Florist written on the side.

|  |

---|---|---

# April and Dominic

# Chapter Seven

Who does this kind of thing anymore? He can't be for real, April thought. The beginning of a smile lit up her eyes and she shook her head as she placed the large basket of yellow roses around the home, after taking a sniff of the wonderful aroma of fresh flowers mingling with the smell of the early morning ocean air.

It had been a long time since she had seen roses. They used to grow in her mother's garden in Houston, Texas when she was a little girl. It was her mother's favorite flowers. After April's mother died and April left for college, her father let those precious roses wither away. Or he cut them down she didn't know which.

But she did know he was never fond of the thorns on the roses even if the flowers were beautiful, but that was their protection, just like April's protection of being cautious about a man she liked too much and who appeared to be too good to be true.

April had come across the ones that were too good to be true in her young twenty something years. Most of them were married. But that never came up with Dominic because she enjoyed his attention, but if he got too close, she would ask him up front.

She can't believe Dominic is real and she can't believe his intentions are good. She remembered how he had taken two women to bed at the same time. Who does that kind of thing? She wondered. Her thoughts were he had low morals, or he wasn't the right man for her. But then she has had her moments in the sexual games so she would be the last person to judge.

Maybe if she was wealthy, and had nothing but time on her hands, she would fall into that trap of having and getting every man she wanted, and sleeping with him on a whim.

April's mind wandered back to her father and how she never took time to understand men. She felt guilty now that she hadn't been home since her mother died. But she had called regularly to check on him and when he said that he was getting married again she knew that she didn't want to go back to Texas.

She hadn't saved enough to even go home anyway. But she hoped her Christmas bonus would solve that and the housing problem which was staring her in the face, but she didn't want to face that now. She was having too good a time now that she met Santa.

Walking to the terrace holding one rose and smelling it, looking up and across at the deck of Dominic's home she expected to see her Christmas Santa. It dawned on her that she didn't know his name.

"I don't want to know," she whispered. I will never see him again so why should I get caught up with knowing his name. It will make him too real to me, she thought.

April thought about all the reasons why she shouldn't know anything about him. For one, she will never be in Malibu again. Only if lightning strikes and it seldom rains so what is the probability of ever coming into this dream again. What's the point? She thought.

She wasn't supposed to ever come across a stunningly handsome man who could afford baskets of roses. It was a coincidence that this would occur anyway. She was way out of her elements and it would come to an end soon. So what's the point?

It was like a fairytale meeting her Prince Charming. That doesn't happen to people like her. She'd better make the best of these last few days. When she collected her thoughts she glanced up and there he stood, her Prince Charming. All six feet of him with broad wide muscular shoulders. Her own beautiful young Santa all decked out in his red Santa hat, and a pair of loose fitting Christmas boxers with green Christmas trees.

She stared at him and her mind went into overdrive. Suppose he wants to know my name, she questioned. Lie to him. But it's not good to start a relationship with a lie. You don't have a relationship, April. You've just met the most handsome man in your life and you'll never see him again. A lie is the best way. She gave in and focused at that incredible looking man standing gazing at her with an erotic smile she could take to bed.

She was lost for words staring into his green eyes, but then she found her voice, "Thanks for the flowers," she said. Her voice soft. Her tone cheerful. She held a rose in her right hand and sniffed it and looked across at him and smiled.

"You have a beautiful smile," he said. "You should do that more often," Dominic added. She never knew how to take a compliment. She thought he was just doing this to get in her pants and maybe he was, but at least he didn't want something for nothing. He bought her flowers. Most men don't even want to invest any time in a relationship. Or money, she thought as she took another sniff of the beautiful yellow rose.

"What flowers? I didn't send any flowers," Dominic said with a tease in his tone. April slanted her head to the side, pursed her lips, and narrowed her eyes.

"Who else would have sent them?" She wanted to take those words back as soon as they left her mouth. Men don't like it when they think no one else wants you. They like the chase and they like to compete for a woman. Oh well, she believed in the truth sometimes and if he was that superficial he wasn't for her after all.

Why was she getting caught up with his games? She had to question.

"Maybe your boyfriend?"

"I don't have a boyfriend, or man friend, or a significant other," April said playing into his hands. Dominic smiled and headed down the stairs leading to the beach house and never taking his eyes off April.

Half way down the stairs he stopped. "Maybe Santa sent them," he said with a mischievous grin and raised eyebrow. "But if I had sent them it would have been red roses. So it wasn't me," he said with a shrug of his shoulders. "Don't know who it could have been." He stepped casually on to the sand and headed in her direction.

April smiled and bit her bottom lip. He had to have sent them, she thought. Why would he deny he sent the roses? If he wanted to play that game then she would be glad to play along.

"Would Santa like to come over for coffee?" She said in her sexy voice as he stepped on to the sand.

"Sure Santa would be delighted. Let me get my shoes and I'll be there in a second."

"On one condition." Dominic stopped in his tracks and looked up at her. "Nothing will happen between us." He blinked his eyes. Is she serious he wondered? He would take his chances.

"Sure. I'll agree to that."

When she turned around to walk into the spacious open room and kitchen, Dominic had rushed up her stairs with his shoes in his hand and he was wearing his Christmas shorts with trees. He had grabbed a long white t-shirt and was pulling it over his head when she glanced at him. His muscular arms strained against the white fabric as her eyes took in every part of him down to his hard muscular legs covered with fine silky hair.

"You don't go in much for man-scape, do you?" April said. He glanced at his hairy arms and legs. "Don't get me wrong. I like the hairy look." She raised an eyebrow. And slid a tongue across her lips.

Dominic watched at her mouth and his cock rose. Thank goodness for the long tee shirt covering up his display of hardness and passion.

Her words appeared to please Dominic and his grin was so wide she could count every white pampered tooth.

She turned and reached for a cup and poured him a full cup of coffee. He sat at the bar and stared at her hard ass and luscious cheeks hanging from under her short shorts. When she turned she leaned over the counter and he got a good look at her full hard youthful breasts.

No bra. Now I want to rub my tongue across those tits and see them rise, he thought. She must know what's she's doing to me. My penis is so hard I have to hold it to keep it from shredding my shorts.

"Cream?"

"No. I take it black," he said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"And I like your look, too," Dominic said to take his mind off his dick and her tits. "Hot chocolate body poured into skimpy short shorts and a tee that's two sizes too small."

April looked up and swiped her tongue across her lips and watch at Dominic never taking his eyes off her tits, "I'm not wearing a bra."

"I know. It's not a secret. You're a woman after my own heart," he said. Placing the coffee to his lips taking a sip and looking into her eyes. Then he shot her a mischievous closed smile and placed his cup down.

"And you are a man that's over sexed."

"If you think that way, why did you invite me to have coffee with you?" He glared at her with his sea green eyes and she peered at him with her amber eyes and their eyes locked. They stared at each other for a few more seconds without words.

Then April said, "We had a bargain. And you agreed."

"My question to you is--do you want to keep me to that bargain? I would be willing to forgo that agreement for another time." He touched her arm. Moving his hand up down. She closed her eyes because it was raw ecstasy. The sensation of his touch throughout her body couldn't be denied. Shivers followed his touch from her arm down and settled inside her. She felt aroused and flooded as her body awakened with desire for him.

She opened her eyes quickly to see his handsome face staring at her.

He took off the silly Santa hat and placed it on the marble counter. He had a serious erotic look in his eyes.

It was a moment that both felt deep down. The heat coursed through each one and the longer they glared at each other the more intense the sexual feelings grew between them.

Dominic felt it deep in his groin. April could feel the moisture building between her legs. It was a moment that was like lightning striking in the most unlikely place. It was a moment when they only saw each other if they were in a crowd of people, but it was only the two of them standing looking at each other and wanting each other. Only the two of them and no one to stop them from having the most erotic sex on the floor. On the counter. On the bed.

Dominic's manhood throbbed for what he wanted and couldn't get. But he had only a few days and he wasn't about to spend the rest of his life wondering what it would be like to crawl between her brown legs and place himself in her warm body.

The silence was broken by Dominic. "You know I'm a hot blooded young man who sees a beautiful woman that's exciting me to the point where I can't bare it. I mean I can't control how I feel about you." There he said what he was dying to say the minute he saw her on the terrace.

"Don't worry. You'll calm down and get over it. All it takes is a little control," April said trying to sound as if she had some control. She did, but she was losing it every second she looked at him.

"But I want you and I think you want me. And if I'm wrong then say it." He stared at her waiting for an answer.

April opened her mouth but a moan of delight passed her lips when Dominic slid his finger down her jaw and between her breasts and then the pad of his finger rest on her nipple as his gaze met hers and she kept his gaze. He rubbed her nipple and heard another delightful moan and her head fell back.

He found a way to cross a threshold. What would she do? This was only supposed to be fun. Just a way to fuck with him and maybe get him to stop with the parties if she got him interested enough. But in her effort to fuck with him he was fucking with her. He was ensnaring her in this love and sexual trap. Did he do that to those girls she saw him with?

And that's when April got the notion to test Santa and have a little fun with him.

"I don't enjoy sex the regular way," she said turning her back to him and almost falling with laughter. But she controlled the giggle long enough.

"You're not a..." He didn't know the correct term.

"No. I'm not," she said emphasizing those words. "But I have this peculiarity where I can't have sex unless I tie a man up and whip him first. Then I force him to eat me. It doesn't make for a long term relationship of course, but that's the way I get off."

Dominic's mouth changed into a circle and he blew out a whoosh of air and said, "Wow." And he inhaled and an exhale. April thought she had gone too far. She shouldn't have said that or done that but she was surprised at his answer.

"If it means having you. I'm all game even if it doesn't make for a long term relationship." His eyes flashed at her. He would do anything to get between her legs even agree to be tied up and whipped.

Now we're getting somewhere. Kink. She didn't expect that from him. But why didn't she, if he could lay down with two or three women, he could be into all kinds of kinky shit.

Dominic had heard about women like April but never met any. Hell he had only met a few but then he liked her and what could be wrong with letting her have her way with him. After all he may never see her again and he might like this. He was open to a lot of things. What did he have to lose with a woman he would enjoy fucking after she tied him up and whipped him?

He knew when he had oral sex some time ago that he like that. He enjoyed being between a woman's legs and satisfying her. It made the sex better for her and for him, especially if she was happy, and he knew how to make a woman happy in that way.

His problem--he didn't have enough time to devote to a woman. Sex wasn't a problem. Time was.

The last woman he gave head to, she said he was a natural. She didn't have to teach him a thing. But she wasn't the right one. He was sure that April was the right one because being in her presence made him fell free as if he could do anything with her and it would be ok. This would be huge for him. And it would be fucking exciting, he thought.

When she walked around to sit with Dominic, he scooped her up into his arms as his warm lips trailed from her shoulder to the nape of her neck. Then he said, "I want you now. If you don't want me say so, or forever hold your peace. Where is the bedroom?"

Surprised at her comment, she said, "Over there," her voice small. And he carried her into the room and lay her on the bed. She could hear and feel his heart thumping and she became excited, but she hadn't planned on this. She hadn't planned on anything. She didn't want to be on his bucket list. At the bottom of the list, fuck black woman before I'm thirty.

|  |

---|---|---

# April and Dominic

# Chapter Eight

She was conflicted. She needed to be held by him, feel his skin and hard chest, make her remember what it felt like to be in a man's arms. Not any man but this man, and yet she didn't want to fuck him.

She wanted him to date her first. It didn't have to be a long courtship, but what kind of courtship would that be in only three days. She had gotten flowers. She should have considered herself lucky. The flowers were a good thing. It showed her that he was more than interested in a one night stand.

Nevertheless, suspicion crept into her thoughts. Did he think he could sweep her off her feet and she would give herself to him for a few basket of flowers? Not her.

"I don't have my crop and handcuffs here. I came here to house sit and relax."

"Then let me make love to you. What could be more relaxing than that?" He said standing over her after he laid her on the bed. Before April could reply, Dominic had unbutton her shorts and pulled them down. He spread her legs wide and brought them to him and then placed his face between her legs.

"I can't do this," April shouted and grabbed his silky hair raising his face to look in her eyes.

"You're not doing this, I am," he said breathless and anxious as he peered into her eyes.

"I mean I need a shower." She sprang from the bed, leaving Dominic leaning across it, and she dashed to the restroom and entered the shower. Before she could think of another maneuver to stop him, he had opened the door and was standing naked behind her pressing his hard penis against her buttocks.

"Now doesn't this feel good?" he said nipping at her shoulder as his hips pressed against her butt, and he holds her breasts with both hands passing them over her hard nipples enjoying the feel of them rising in his hands, then down to her hips, and up again to her breasts.

April is moaning. The sounds coming from her is making Dominic hard. And he slams his hips against her ass feeling how wonderful it would be to have his cock resting there whenever he wanted.

"Yes. Yes," April moaned when he moved one hand between her legs touching her clit with the tip of his finger rubbing it over and over. Her clit throbbed and rose as his finger massaged it. His lips kissing her back, his finger pinching her nipple, his hand rubbing her mound, his finger inside her sloshing around in her insides. She was breathless and she wanted him in her.

She threw her head back resting on his chest and then closed her eyes.

Dominic was in complete control now. He knew about control. He hadn't made billions being out of control.

"Don't stop, Santa. Keep doing what you're doing." And Dominic kept gyrating his hips against her inviting ass as he worked her nipples and clit with his fingers.

He kissed her shoulder as he turned and twisted his hips against her full hot brown ass. "I don't intend to stop. I want this and I intend to do whatever you want, so I can have this pussy and you."

He gathered her up in his arms and carried her wet body out of the shower and into the bedroom as she reached for a towel wiping him and her before he placed her on the bed.

"What do you want?" He asked looking down at her as he crawled between her legs.

"Protection. Latex."

"I have some." And he placed one on his shaft to April's surprise. "As I was saying, what do you want?"

"I don't know."

"I mean what do you want Santa to bring you for Christmas because I know what you want now?" He leaned and kissed her breasts and trailed his warm mouth down her stomach stopping to kiss her hips, and then cupping her mound with his mouth and using his tongue and fingers to open her folds. Then his tongue stroked her clit over and over. And she cried out.

"You and a car," she said breathless feeling moisture build inside her. April thought that would turn him off. What man gives a woman a car just to fuck her? No one in her world. But she wasn't in her world. She was in Dominic's world of money and excess. He kissed her slowly and softly.

"Any particular color, baby?" He asked hoarse and panting as his penis hardened when he opened her legs wider and watched at her shaved folds. Then he placed his face there and let his tongue play with her clit as she grabbed the bedding and moaned from pleasure.

"Red. But any color is fine," she said softly breathing hard as she met his green eyes as he inserted his finger into her opening still sucking her clit.

"Anything else, baby?"

"Diamonds, Santa baby," April said. "You can't have Christmas without diamonds. A bracelet would be nice," she said leaning up and kissing his chest. She didn't expect to get anything, but since he was asking, she thought she'd play along with him.

April looked up at Dominic and grabbed his hard penis and with a twinkle in her eyes she said, "If you get me a Mercedes, then I'll give you the best head you've ever had." He gave her a closed smile and raised an eyebrow. He couldn't remember the last time a woman put his cock in her mouth. Now he didn't want anyone but April to do that to him.

Since April wouldn't see him after a few days, why not play his little games. Why not promise him something she knew she wouldn't do. Somehow she didn't like herself but she had nothing to lose and when she leaves she will have lost the man who had been on her bucket list--a handsome rich available man.

And everything said and everything promised was just fuck talk, she convinced herself. But for now she was committed to fucking Dominic. She wanted to fuck him, and that was what she intended to do.

Number one. Fuck him so good he would never forget her. Number two. Fuck up his mind where every time he's ready to have sex, he thinks about her. Number three. Make him yearn to be inside of her where he won't be able to get a hard on for another woman for years. Number four. Take everything he gives and give nothing back.

That was her four ways to fuck Santa. And there would be six more to go.

She wished she could keep that promise today.

But that promise was fading fast the longer he had his face between her legs. She reached for his hair and pulled on it and he relented and rose up over her body and looked down into her face.

Damn, but he liked everything about her. Her eyes, her dark curly Afro, her smile and kissing her body. Especially her pussy. He thought he had lost his mind and maybe he had. What had she done to him? Maybe Jordan was right. Once you go black, you can't go back.

April was equally caught up with Dominic. He had taken her on a journey of unbelievable sexual passion. As he lowered his body and placed his lips on her nipple and opened his mouth to suck it, she couldn't hold out any longer. Breathless she raised her chest to him and her mound. She wanted him to kiss her down there again. He eased his body along her stomach, from her breast slowly he kissed her hips, but with his fingers he held her nipples like a vice pinching them and making her cry out with pleasure.

What did she have to lose? She closed her eyes and Dominic's warm tongue brushed across her clit. His hands leaving her breasts moved up and down her thighs and she hooked her legs around his neck.

Looking up he said, "Just the way I want to see you every day with your legs around my neck and me with my face buried in your curly muff." When Dominic placed his head between her legs once more, it took one swipe of his tongue, and April screamed for release.

"I'm coming."

"I know. I feel you, baby."

"Then don't waste time. Come and fuck me," April said to her surprise.

Dominic eased up April's body and with a soft firm hand, she placed his tip over her opening and his hips pushed down to meet her hips and he settled inside of her as if they were made for each other. It was a perfect fit. Like the last piece of a puzzle. Now everything made sense to Dominic. And he exhaled.

With his mouth over hers and their bodies moving up and down as one, he breathed into her mouth and she breathed into his. His mouth cupped hers and his tongue plunged inside her warm full lips the way his penis charged into her opening. Hard, fast, and deep.

The quick motion of his body thrust his penis in and out of her opening. The smell of sex infused the room and delighted Dominic which made him eager and powerful. April reached for his hair and gathered it pulling it and then her hands clinched his back when he became too rough. But she like his roughness. It was something new and exciting for both of them.

The fury of hot nasty sex got the best of her and she was fully committed.

"Wait," April said. She pushed him off of her and went to her knees and hands holding on to the head board. And then on all fours when she said, "I've always wanted to be taken from behind. Dominic eagerly tried to accommodate her. "Not my behind, Santa," she said after looking at Dominic's surprised glare.

She smiled and said, "I don't know you that well." April had lost control of the moment, and all she wanted was to keep the good feeling going and try to gain control of the situation because it would have come to a screaming halt, and she would be begging him for more if he dared give her another wonderful orgasm. And he was on the verge of doing it. He knew it and so did April. Dominic had lit her fire. One that hadn't been ignited in years.

When Dominic lay on his knees, he eased up behind her and said, "Now is the best time to get to know me better." Dominic fumbled when trying to enter her opening. But April guided it in and pushed back on his hips.

"No. Maybe another day, maybe another time," she said craning her neck around and giving him a sly grin. He watched at her behind and if his penis wasn't hard then, it was rock solid. Hard as granite and his tip oozing like a dam with a crack ready to spill or burst. With his hands firm on her breasts, and with her curving her back and pushing into him Dominic was in heaven. One good push by him and her walls closed in on him tightening around his cock. What a glorious surprise. If being inside of her wasn't heaven it was the closest he would get today.

He could be content fucking this woman for a life time. His body and mind told him that he had found the one woman who he could devote time to. She was the one woman he could spend his whole life with and never get tired of fucking her. And she was open to try new things, or so he thought, but the very nature of her openness impressed him and now he found something more important and more satisfying than money.

"I want to be with you," he leaned over whispering in her ear as he pushed in and pulled out in perfect rhythm and trailing kisses along her back.

"But you are with me now," April said searching for her breath. Thinking this is just fuck talk for a guy.

"I want to be with you not just now, but tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day until you tell me you don't want to be with me any longer."

His words surprised April because she felt that way about him, but she just didn't know how to say it. How could she say those things to a man she just met. Who would believe her, not him for sure?

He was surprised she didn't reply. She didn't know how to reply. Maybe it was just a way to wear her down and have her whenever his dick gets hard, she thought. Men say all kinds of things when they are getting an orgasm and so she took it as that. But Dominic was sure how he felt about her. And he thought she felt the same.

"I need you to tell me how good I make you feel," Dominic said as he hit her wet opening and pulled out, but left the tip in, and then plunged in again, all the time nipping at her neck.

"You've made me come more than any man I've met." Dominic didn't like that answer and this talk was new to April. What she wanted to do was tell him how much she loved him but there was no way she would do that. How could she? She dismissed him.

"Do you love me," Dominic asked, "because I love you." It wasn't hard to say because he had never said that to any woman. He said it and he wasn't going to take it back. He just needed to know that April felt the same. But she wouldn't say it. "I'm coming inside you April. Tell me you love me."

She couldn't say what he wanted her to, but she did reply. "This is the best sex I've had in my life. And I'm coming with you. All over you, Santa."

April didn't want to throw around that love thing because it meant too much to her, and she didn't want to say it to Dominic because she didn't know if he was the real deal.

They both collapsed after Dominic pulled out. They were lying facing each other smelling of sex. Dominic pulled April into his arms and raked his finger through her curly mound. "I like this but let it grow all over. I like to look at it. It's different from mine."

"I'm different from you," April said.

"Yes you are, and that's what I like about you, but one day you're going to tell me you love me." She would tell him now if she could be sure. But this was just wishful thinking.

She had to leave in two days and she didn't want to tell him anything and especially her name. They were like two people in a fairytale, and outside was the real world, and she was leaving that world of handsome men with money and nice homes to go back to a small apartment and barely enough money to make it until next payday.

It was so easy the way it was. She didn't want any complications and she didn't want to be hurt. So she lay in his arms and fell asleep. When she woke she was alone and it was dark. She had slept the entire day. April needed the rest. And she needed the sex that she and Dominic had engaged in for most of the day.

April thought about her day with her Santa, and how he liked to talk dirty in her ear. And how she found herself saying nasty things to him. "Eat my pussy and make it come for your dick." She laughed at the thought. And then she turned expecting to see Dominic, but instead she found on a pillow next to her a note:

Baby, I didn't want to wake you. I don't have your phone number so I couldn't text you. I had to leave you this note. I hate writing. I have to take care of a number of things today and I'll see you later. When I return we can go for a ride in my convertible. It's my intentions to get you to admit how much you love me. We will have a lifetime to be together.

Love,

Santa

|  |

---|---|---

# Dominic and April

# Chapter Nine

She placed the note in her purse and when she return to San Francisco she would put it in a safe place. Maybe put it in a photo album or frame it so she could look at it every day. Something to remember him. Or maybe she would burn it, and take as many showers as she needed to forget he touched her in ways she couldn't explain.

Touched her nipples with the warmth of his tongue and fingers. Touched her opening with the warmth of his wonderful mouth, and penis. Touched her in places she had never been touched before with his tongue.

This man affected her mind and soul and because of that she may never forget him, but damn Santa to hell, she would try. Even if she had to fuck the next man who smiled at her to get him out of her mind.

They weren't in the same league. She wasn't a rich black girl. Her father wasn't a businessman or politician. He was just a retired mechanic and she got to college by way of an insurance policy left by her mother.

If she had been privileged maybe she would have a chance with him. But she was a poor working girl who lived in a little dinky room, listening to two people who made love at the wrong hours of the night.

She wanted to be in love and she wanted to be fucking all night long with a man she cared about. She wanted that with Santa.

"What the fuck is wrong with you? You don't know this man's name. He could be a serial something or the other. And worse a serial womanizer who goes around fucking every woman his dick got hard for," April said as she tried to decide how to handle the situation she found herself stuck in.

Maybe tonight she would confess to him that she was not what he thought. But what did he think?

He hadn't asked anything of her that she wasn't willing to give. He hadn't asked if she owned the house. She volunteered that she was just house-sitting. It didn't seem to bother him. Maybe he wasn't full of fears that she harbored. "Why would he?" She questioned. "He's white and a man. What does he have to be concerned about?

After a shower she would go to see him and confess. Tell him that she was too afraid to admit that she had fallen in love with him, and ask him where do we go from here? To be sure if she said this she would cross the Rubicon and there would be no way to return.

She would know everything she needed to know about him then.

April washed her hair and twisted her curls with her finger and let them dry and then she put on a pair of shorts and a top. Eager to see him she hurried down the stairs. Looking up she saw a full moon and heard the waves rolling against the shore. The water made a loud rising and falling swooshing sound as the tide came in to the shore and left out.

A surprise was in order. He wouldn't hear her because of the ocean water. Halfway down her stairs she saw a faint light on in his bedroom. No parties tonight she thought. Good. She had only two more days before she was out of there and she wanted to give her Santa her phone number and maybe a present she had promised him.

She would give him a blowjob. Number five. The best blowjob a man could have and then she would let him spray his juice on her butt. Every time he saw his cock he would think about her lips around it and her ass. That should have him thinking about her for years.

Maybe he would call and maybe not. What did she have to lose? She had everything to gain.

As she climbed the stairs to his bungalow, and called out his name. "Santa. Santa. Where are you? Remember what I promised you?" her voice light and cheerful.

She tiptoed into the open room and passed the kitchen and then she saw the dim light coming from the bedroom because the door was partly open.

April wanted Dominic so much she could taste him. He had affected her more than she thought. She wanted him so much she would give him his present early. All that stuff before flew out the window and she was willing to compromise.

She had promised to go down on him and tonight was his lucky night. She opened his door to the bedroom and in bed she saw a naked blond with her large fake boobs. Her back propped against the headboard, and someone under the sheets.

The way the young woman's eyes were closed, the way her mouth was opened, and she was moaning, and the way her legs were positioned and spaced apart, someone was lying between them because their head was bobbing up and down. There was no doubt what he or she was doing under the covers.

Gasping for oxygen, almost tripping over a pair of women high heels, April looked down. A pair of Louboutin, that figures, she thought. She wished she could afford them not that she would or could wear them but it would be great to know how it felt just to say she owned a pair.

Her first thought was to pull the cover back and expose him but she didn't want Santa to see how much she cared.

Her second thought was how could he do that to her. How could he take the love she felt for him and throw it away? How could he tell her that he loved her and then the next moment he's between a woman's legs doing things to the woman that he had just done to her? She felt sick inside. Everything went black and she thought she was blind. But she recovered enough to turn around and find herself out of the house.

The whole world is going crazy, she thought. What was funny before is not funny now. She's in love and she wished she could tell him. She wished she had told him before. Why the sight of him between a woman's legs causes her to want him more? This is insane, she thought.

Taking off running, April held back tears of disappointment. She slowed as she climbed the steps to her place. She entered the house and rushed to the restroom and picked up her makeup case and stuffed it into her unpacked bag.

It was after she got control of herself that she became angry. Dropping on the floor with her knees to her chest and her arms wrapped around her legs, she took a few minutes to think. Then she stood and glanced into the mirror. She looked like shit with her black mascara running from her eyes down her cheeks into the corner of her mouth. She hadn't had time to notice that she had cried. April always mixed anger with tears.

"That's the same bitch I saw Santa with two days ago," she mumbled wiping her face.

By the time she took to stare into the mirror, and see what a fool she had made of herself for trusting him with her feelings, she had stopped feeling sorry for herself and was ready to hurt someone. But after she calmed down, she knew she had no right to think she was and would be the only woman in his life.

After all he did have a life before her even though she didn't have a life before him.

She didn't blame him for being a man. She just blamed him for being that kind of man. The kind that would whisper in her ear how much he loved her and then the same day fuck her and another woman.

Although she knew there was more than enough blame to pass around. She didn't have to be so gullible as to believe him. He even admitted that he had never had sex with a black woman. She was just one of his trophies, like when she was in college and guys would steal underwear of the girls they had slept with. She knew better that's why she had been careful of men she had dated and why dating had occurred with her few and far in between.

Somehow Santa had crashed her defenses and got too close to her. And she needed to forget what she had just seen. She needed to wipe that picture out of her mind. She thought she would take back wonderful memories of her few days in Malibu on the beach, but now that was over and she was more than pissed.

Calmly, April called the airlines and changed the date she would depart. What's one day. As much as she dreaded going back to San Francisco, she dreaded seeing Dominic more.

After locking up the place, she decided she needed to rest, so she reached for a glass, poured, and drank two glasses of red wine.

April didn't know how she managed to get some sleep but she did. She read a book as she gulped down the second glass and then fell off to sleep thinking that Dominic would come to apologize. Waiting for an apology that never came. He didn't have the decency to lie to me, she thought. He didn't have the balls to look me in the face and tell me he's sorry. He had to have heard her slam the door.

It wouldn't have done any good because she wouldn't have listened to him or forgave him.

Without eating, because by now she had lost her appetite, April called the taxi to take her to the airport. When the taxi arrived, walking down the stairs, she took one last look at that wonderful home, then her eyes lifted looking at the light in Dominic's home and then they settled on a convertible parked in the front of Dominic's house.

Placing her tote in the back seat of the yellow cab she said, "Wait a minute." Then she walked over to the convertible. Then she picked up two large rocks near a flower bed.

April looked at the beautiful red convertible, "So you were going to take me for a ride in your convertible, "Fuck you, Santa." Number six. And she slammed a rock into the side view mirror, and with the other rock she leaned back and tossed it with all her might into the front windshield. It didn't shatter but it broke.

The alarm blared waking dogs and cats, and April casually walked to the cab and climb in. Looking back she saw that she had cause severe damage to the car. That should cost a pretty penny, she thought.

"Miss, you just damaged someone's property," the large middle-aged woman with red hair and a deep tan said as she pulled away from the beach house.

"Mind your own business, and take me to LAX. It's my boyfriend's car and I walked in on him fucking another woman."

"I hear you," the cabbie said in a sympathetic voice as she zoomed down the winding road like a getaway car at the scene of a crime.

Because she was a woman and in her lifetime she probably had seen it all driving a taxi, she knew not to be judgmental and probably had a time when she did the same thing, or wanted to.

Wondering about why she had acted erratically, it dawn on April that she was crazy about Santa. But how and why would she fall for someone like him? She had never been attracted to men of that type--handsome and soft spoken. A body to die for. A man a woman would kill for.

She preferred the nerds. A man that most women hardly noticed. And yet here she is, can't think, and can't concentrate, and behaving like a real bitch because she allowed herself to be sidetracked by a great body and a handsome face. Serves her right for looking at the outer man instead of the inner man, she thought.

The next time I meet a man I'm interested in, he will not be the pretty bad boy type. She promised herself. I've had my heart broken once and that's enough because it hurts. After leaving the gated community of that magnificent Malibu home she said goodbye to LA with an empty heart.

Her flight was uneventful and she landed in San Francisco and was standing in front of her apartment before she realized it. She took her bag and blinked twice to focus on where she was standing and what she was looking at.

Her thoughts had been occupied with the mind movie of Santa and that woman. That had been playing around in her head the entire flight. Trying to decide if she should climb those stairs, she inhaled and walked up.

It wasn't a bad place, she just couldn't get any rest with that couple in the next apartment. She would be able to sleep if she could move to a better place. The CEO of Steele Enterprises would pass out the bonuses at the annual Christmas party Friday. It would be the first time since she had been there that he would do this and she would get a look at him.

Working for him but never seeing him she conjured up images in her mind. Some playboy type that had inherited money and spent his time doing what rich playboys like to do. Lie around on the beach and fuck beautiful women. And then she thought of Santa and her blood ran hot with bitterness.

She had gotten a memo earlier and she felt encouraged that her bonus would be ample because Mr. Steele would show his face. He must be proud of the bonus this year because the two years before it sucked. That's why she was living in this place and couldn't afford to move somewhere else.

But if the money didn't improve she would begin to look for another place of employment. That is after she gave him a piece of her mind and a few fuck-you on her way out the door.

April had decided that if her bonus check stunk she would say fuck him and his bonus money at the party in front of everyone, and she would probably go home to Texas because she was working like an Egyptian slave anyway with hardly a thank you.

When April entered her apartment, she dropped her bags and glanced around. Now what? She didn't want to be inside and thinking about Santa. So she called up her few friends from work and arranged for them to meet her at the bar around the corner from the Steele building.

The bar where they would go to complain about how much everything cost in San Francisco, and that they couldn't afford to sleep and work in this town, and how if they could survive a jump from the Bay Bridge they would take off all their clothes and leap off of it.

All her drunk friends admitted that it was too cold and that it would mess up their hair. Afterwards the drinks would stop, then they would all go home after airing their grievances and crying in their drinks about men, housing, and money.

Tomorrow would be another one of those days where she and her friends would air their complaints to safe ears and copious amounts of liquor.

|  |

---|---|---

# April

# Chapter Ten

April sat in the bar at a regular table. One she and the girls occupied on Fridays after work. She arrived first because she wanted to get out of her apartment. It had closed in on her since her trip to Malibu and living in that luxurious beach house compared to her apartment made her feel lost disgusted and underprivileged.

She never felt that way before. She didn't have much, but she was content. So it wasn't the material things that had her upset. It was Santa.

After her first drink of Tequila, she began thinking about her Santa. She tried not to think of him but it was of no use. She became remorseful at the thought of what she had done to his beautiful sports car. At least she hoped it was his car. She never thought about it until now.

"What the fuck. Whoever it belonged to, probably a man, he deserved it," she whispered as she took another sip. Not a drinker she felt her head swirl.

When she looked up she saw her girlfriend Kesha looking down at her. "Damn girl, you look good with that tan and shit. You got it working." And she sat down beside April and leaned forward.

"One thing I got to tell you. It isn't cool talking to yourself out among people. They may think something is wrong with you. Mind you, I know better, but others won't understand. Especially that group from our work."

"I wasn't exactly talking to myself." Kesha raised her hand to April.

"You don't have to explain to me, girl. That's the least thing that will happen to a black woman when things aren't going right. Take me for example, when I was breaking up with my ex, he had me so fucked up that I considered going gay. Mind you. I considered it, but I didn't act on it. Men are such fuck ups and they never know when they have it good." Kesha glanced at April. "But then you've heard my stories before. How was your trip? How was Jenna Ann's parents' mansion?"

"It wasn't exactly a mansion but I guess you could call it that considering what we're used to."

"You're doing all of Jenna Ann's work and she's getting the big paycheck. And you're doing your work too. If I were you, I'd march to the boss's office and tell him. She could at least put in for a raise for you."

"I don't know. I enjoyed that time I had in LA. I probably never would have had that experience if it wasn't for her and she paid for the plane tickets and all the food. Everything."

"What are you talking about? You don't eat much anyway," Kesha said glancing up and waving to the waitress. "You would think that coming in here every week, and buying drinks what with the tips, they would have my drink waiting for me."

April looked around. "She has it." The waitress had a tray with drinks and then Carley and Avery came in followed by Maria. They spotted Kesha and April and took a seat at the large booth.

"Great. I like my cocktails waiting for me after a long day," Carly said reaching for a Tequila shot and lime.

"Girl, you're not home. And just because you hooked a rich guy with your dumb ass doesn't give you the right to put on airs. I know where you come from. In the bayous of Louisiana. Across the border from Texas, is that right April?" Avery said looking to April and around the table. Maria turned her head and sipped her Margarita.

"I guess so," April said half-hearted.

"Why are you pissed, Avery? You always seem to attack Carley when you're unhappy with work or home," Maria said and looked away.

"I apologize, Carley. I just can't make it in this city on one paycheck," Avery said. "If we don't get a raise from that Scrooge of a boss, then I have to leave and move across the bay," Avery admitted.

"Steele Enterprises isn't that old. He's been building it...," Carley said as Kesha stopped her.

"He's been building his billion dollar company on our backs. He's been fucking us hard and we've been bending over and letting him. He said that we could have stock options and it hasn't come to fruition," Kesha said.

"Well your vocabulary is improving you seem to have built that at his company and that's worth something," Maria said with a grin and looked away.

"Fuck you," Kesha said in a mumble. "If you can't spend it what is that worth?"

"Let's enjoy ourselves. We can fight another day," April said.

"That's easy for you to say. You look calm and you have a tan and you've probably found you a boyfriend who fucked you senseless. You have what they call a fuck-able glow. You know where you look hot and don't know it but the men can sniff it out. I bet if you walk to the restroom the men at that table will turn around like dogs after one bitch. Why don't you try it?" Kesha said.

April rolled her eyes. "I'm not going to do that just to prove a point for you, Kesha. Fuck off. But I did meet someone, but it's over." April looked down at her hands.

"It ant over until it's over," Maria said.

"Trust me it's over. He's from LA and I live in San Francisco. I didn't get a chance to get his name and he didn't get mine or my number. So it's over. Fucking done with. And I'll never see him again, now let's change the subject." April shrugged and took a sip of her drink.

"Sex with a stranger is the best kind of sex. You do things with him you won't do with someone you've known for a long time," Carley said smiling looking across at the bar filled with men wearing suits.

"Speaking from experience are you?" Kesha asked. Carley glared at Kesha. Kesha turned away and glanced at April.

"Was he black or white?" Kesha asked.

"Who the fuck cares. He's a man. And he's probably white," Maria added.

"How do you know my Latin friend?" Kesha said.

"Do you know any black men who live on the beach in a mansion in Malibu? Maria said matter-of-factly as she raised her hand to the waitress who had another Margarita waiting for her.

"Ok. Ok. He's white," April revealed raising her hands to quell the bickering. Something she didn't want to admit and have another discussion about the color of men, and money.

"See," Maria said sticking her tongue out to Kesha.

"Damn April, I've never known you to fuck a white man. You learn something new every day. You know that boss of ours is white and he's single. Talk at the water cooler..."

"We don't have a water cooler," Maria said. "We have bottled water."

"Damn Maria, why do you always have to ruin a good story with the facts," Kesha said looking at Maria with a raised eyebrow. Then she turned to April. "Like I was saying, he's single and never dates, maybe you could fuck him for the good of the company. If not the company, for the common good of your friends. He probably needs a piece of pussy to calm him down and loosen his pockets. Then you can tell him as you snuggle in his arms that we need a raise."

"Have you lost your mind, Kesha?" April said looking at her with an open mouth.

"I'd fuck him. I'd offer my services for the common good, but I don't have the opportunity, nor do I have the expertise in dealing with white men. You talk his talk with your private school upbringing."

"It was a Catholic education. That's all, and I'm not Catholic," April said. "Can we talk about something else?" Her voice raised showing how uncomfortable she felt.

"Well something has to be done and if you won't do it, I bet Jenna Ann will. If you think you're working hard now, just wait until Jenna Ann marries him."

"I didn't know they were dating?" Maria said.

"Apparently he doesn't know either, but that doesn't stop her from passing gossip around," Kesha said.

"It just keeps the competition at bay," Carley said after having one too many drinks.

"I'm not staying that long at this company to find out if they are dating or not. I could give a flying fuck if they date. If he doesn't give us a decent bonus for Christmas and raise my salary, then I'm leaving," April said. "He can kiss my angry black ass goodbye."

"He might be into asses," Kesha said.

"Men or Women?" Maria said after drinking another Margarita.

"Who cares?" I'm not fucking a man who could be gay or a pervert," April said after calling for another drink.

"If he's gay we're not asking you to do that. But if he wants to spank your ass, we hope you would consider it. I would but my husband keeps a tight leash on me," Carley said.

"I wonder why," Kesha said looking up and around.

"Get this. I don't give a rat's ass if he's gay or a pervert, it will never happen," April said.

"Whoa," all the girls said in unison. "That's the first time I've heard you talk like that, April," Carley added. "Then we have to go, too. We can't stay there with you gone. And we can't work our asses off for no money."

"Then that settles it. We all walk out together," Kesha said.

"I guess so," Maria said looking around at the faces bearing down on her. "Sure why not. If April isn't going to seduce the boss then we have to do something." They all looked to April.

"You put this burden on me. To sleep with the boss so we can get a raise. What does that make me?"

"It makes you a woman. Using what you have to get what you want. Men do it all the time. They use their money and promises to get what they want. It doesn't make them any less. And you might forget that white man you seem to be obsessing over. Who knows you might like it and you might forget the one in California. Long distant relationships don't work. I've tried it. You have him right there. He's probably so full of cum that it will take only a few minutes," Kesha said.

"Oh My God. I can't believe I'm listening to this," April said glancing around the room, "I'll do it but with one limitation, if he's a closet playboy, I want nothing to do with him."

"Trust us," We have been keeping tabs on him for years. He rarely dates. He's cute as hell when he doesn't have his glasses on. But he could use a tailor," Avery said.

"He could be gay," Carley said.

"Nothing in his background says gay. Although he does have gay friends," Kesha said raising an eyebrow. "But I know gay. And nothing in his dossier points to that."

"How do you know gay?" Avery said ordering another Tequila.

"Never mind. Just take my word." Kesha gestured with her hand. "Dominic Steele works all hours of the night and then he takes his limo to his Fremont Condo and then he's up in his penthouse and he's back at work seven days a week. He does this like clockwork since I've been working at his company," Kesha said raising her glass.

"Are you following him?" Maria asked. April looked sideways at Kesha. Kesha shrugged and leaned back with a mysterious smile and glint in her eyes.

"Maybe," Kesha said.

April didn't hear Kesha. She stared out and said, "His penthouse? He probably has his drinks and then looks out over the city. He probably looks at my dump of an apartment and thinks how lucky he is," April said with a furrowed brow and her jaws tightening as she stared at her drink and then downed the entire glass.

"I'll do it," April said with a closed smile as she glanced around the table at her friends.

|  |

---|---|---

# Dominic

# Chapter Eleven

"What are you doing home? We haven't seen you, are heard from you in months. Maybe even a year if I check the calendar." The voice soft and the tone cheerful.

I knew that was a fucked up thing to do. Hide away in my condo and at work. But that's all I knew how to do. I needed to accomplish something. And the only way was to work without any distractions. No women. No family. And I did just that but now it was time to come out of my bubble. I stood at the door smiling waiting for a hug and kiss from my mother.

"Mom, that's no way to talk to your son. I thought you would be happy if I joined you and dad for dinner." She glared at me for a moment more, extended her arms, and gave me a big hug and a kiss on my cheek.

"Come in Dominic." She wore a broad. Then she flashed a pair of tired beautiful green eyes and stroked my chin. I felt like a boy again in my mother's soothing arms. I guess that's all a man wants is to return to a place of comfort.

I thought of the woman who had given me a warm comfortable feeling when I lay on her. And when I held her to my chest. Then I heard my mother's voice and she gently shook me from my thoughts.

"You look..." she struggled for words. "You look grown up." I guess that was a hard thing for my mother to accept. Her youngest son and baby boy was all grown.

"I guess I should be because I'm almost thirty," I said walking and looking at my childhood home like a tourist. Touching and stopping to look at paintings hanging on both sides of the wall of the foyer. Paintings and pictures I hadn't seen lately. Looking up at the glimmering chandelier. My mother's prize antique.

"Twenty-seven," she said being precise.

When she finally let my hand go, she stood back to get a second look at me, and she couldn't help brushing my hair to the side. "Well it will only be you and me tonight because dad had to go out of town to a conference. Colorado I think. And Spencer and his family aren't coming over this weekend." She sucked in a large breath and let out a sigh. Then we strode into the family room and we sat together.

"I'm going to spend the night with you. I don't feel like being alone."

"I thought you liked your solitude. You never had time for anything else. Or anybody else." Her eyes met mine and she slanted her head to the side waiting for my answer.

"You know I love you, mom."

"Yes I know, but I don't see you that much and when you were a boy, I didn't see you unless you hurt yourself on one of those fool contraptions your father bought or made."

"It was just a bicycle, mom."

"But you almost killed yourself jumping from a rooftop and didn't tell me you had lost a tooth."

"It wasn't that bad. Dad gave me a helmet. I didn't want to be babied."

"But you needed to be babied. You would come to me after everything was over, and then cry on me."

"I wanted to handle it."

"Like now you're trying to handle it. What is it Dominic?" I stared out and took a deep breath.

"I met a woman. She left me and I don't know where she is or how to find her. She thinks I was unfaithful to her."

"But that's not like you, son."

"She doesn't know me. I met her recently. But I know how I feel about her. I feel passion for her like I've never felt for any woman. I wake thinking about her. I go to bed thinking about her. I love her mom."

"Did you tell her?"

"Yes."

"What did she say?"

"She didn't say a word."

"Maybe it's because she just met you. Women have to be careful these days. There are bad men out there. She doesn't know how good you are. Only a mother knows that. If you give her a chance to get to know you, then maybe she will take a chance on you and see you as you really are."

"But I don't know her name or where she lives." My mother looked at me, raised an eyebrow, as if hearing this for the first time. Mom saw the pain in my face and heart. And she understood that no amount of telling me that I will meet another woman will satisfy me and that I have a chance in finding her. My mother tried to comfort me the best way she knew how.

"Spend the night at home and tonight I'll cook your favorite meal," she said. "You will have time to think. Then get out there and find your girl."

"She's a black woman, mother."

"Does it matter? You love her and I know I will love her, too." My mother had a way of seeing the positive side of life. And she had worked in the Peace Corps and taught school for years, even raising me and my brother Spencer while dad traveled around the world selling the gadgets he created in our basement. As an engineer he just recently made the kind of money he needed to support us. But we didn't need money anymore.

I had all the material things I could ever want. Spencer had a family and had his own business. I had what I thought could make me happy. Then why wasn't I happy? I lacked one thing, and that was a woman to share my life and my happiness and good fortune with.

When I finally found her, she was gone. Just like that, and now I can't eat or sleep and I don't want anyone but her. What did she do to me? Maybe it's like my friend said, "Once you go black, you can't go back." I can't believe I said that. But if that's true, then I am... I couldn't bring myself to acknowledge what I know to be true.

I'm fucked. Santa is fucked.

|  |

---|---|---

# April

I knew when I had sex with Santa, something felt different, and the stars had all lined up, the earth fell off its orbit around the sun, and I would never be the same, and it was true. I'm walking around and can't see anyone and I can't do my work. If I don't get a hold on myself I won't have to worry about getting out of here and giving Mr. Steele the finger, I won't last until Christmas.

What with the lack of sleep and walking around in a fog, I discover that I'm not over Santa. It had been almost two weeks, that isn't that long, but it felt like a lifetime. I can't get him out of my mind. I'm the one that's being tortured by what I did.

They say time heals all wounds but the wound is getting larger. I wait for my pain to disappear, but it's getting worse each day.

Maybe I should try something to take my mind off of Santa. Flirt with Mr. Steele. That would give me something to think about.

The Christmas party is tonight and I haven't made any move to see or talk to Mr. Steele. My hearts not in this. And I can't tell the girls that I don't want to go along with that farce of seducing him.

Just when I think I can get away and avoid everyone by holding up in a private space which Steele Enterprises had invested to make work more productive, of all people, Kesha finds me. She opens the door and saunters in. It's not a space to collaborate, we have a larger room for that, but a space where two people can sit and work without being disturbed by noise.

It's located in the back near Steele's large office. I thought if I could be near his office I could pretend to run into him. But I never see him. Only Jenna Ann is coming and going from his office. She's taking over for now and running me ragged.

"So that's where you are," Kesha said and then plopped down next to me, resting her fist under her chin, and glaring at me with her suspicious dark eyes. "The girls were wondering if you were making any progress."

"Progress at what?" She leaned back after I raised my eyes and glared at her.

"See I told them you wouldn't do it."

"I tried. That's why I'm back here near his office, but he hasn't been in. Jenna Ann has been working out of his office for a week," I said.

"Then your last chance is tonight. He's coming to the party and he's going to either give us good news or bad news. You're our last line of defense," Kesha said emphasizing her words as if this was a battle plan as in war.

"What is that? You talk like this is war," I said with a raised eyebrow.

"It is, and you better get with the program. If he doesn't give us a raise and bonus then you have to be ready to do something, anything. We're prepared to walk out and our future will rest in your hands. We're counting on you. We have children, cats and dogs to feed. We'll all be homeless if you don't pull this off."

I closed my eyes for a second and stared at her. Then I took in a large breath and exhaled.

"I thought you were kidding. I thought you and the girls came up with this stupid plan because you all were drunk," I said. "Go back and tell them I tried to make the effort, but I wasn't sure everyone was serious about this."

"We're serious as hell," she said dryly.

"It's not my fault that he's not here. Maybe your spies aren't that reliable."

"We were drunk but we were dead serious. Now do you have something sexy to wear?" Kesha completely dismissed what I said.

"And do something with that hair." She passes her hand and pull one of my curls. I swat her hand away. "Straighten it. No better yet, I'll send my stylist around and she can work with that Afro. Straighten it out and put a weave in it. Something." She leans back as if my hair disgust her.

"Do they still do weaves anymore?" I asked in disbelief.

"Hell yes. I have one now." She places her hand through her hair and flips it around for me to see.

"But I thought that was your hair."

"Isn't that the idea? It's my hair. Well some of it." She parted it with her fingers and showed me. "You can't tell its not real hair. It cost a pretty penny. It cost money to look this good," Kesha said.

Kesha a full figured young black woman with large breasts and small waist and full hips was proud of her hefty shape and she didn't mind letting everyone know. And every day she would swing her long hair around and no one knew it wasn't hers.

Well not me. I liked my Afro and because of the fog, and because of not enough money to get it fixed every week, I saved myself loads of money and spent it on a place to stay in a better neighborhood, with thin walls, and cat food. When the cat food was running low, my Tabby knew how to find junk food.

"Ok. Ok. I'll do it because I need something to get my mind off of the man who got away."

"That's my girl. And try not to be too much of a slut. It turns rich men off," Kesha said before she rose and sauntered to the door. Then she turned and said, "Remember the kids, cats and puppies that are depending on you."

I didn't want to do this, but if they expect me to fuck him on the first date, the kids, puppies, cats, and Kesha's hair dresser would have to suffer. I wasn't about to fuck a stranger and my boss at that. Kesha had inadvertently given me an idea. If rich men are turned off by a slut, then that's what I would become and get rid of him quick.

|  |

---|---|---

# April and Dominic

# Chapter Twelve

I wore a red dress with thin spaghetti straps and a zipper from my back leading down to my hem. I bought a knockoff last year when I saw book two of Fifty Shades of Grey.

I thought the dress would come in handy, and it did, it no longer set in the closet collecting dust. Even if my heart wasn't in seducing Mr. Steele, I would give a good impression and save face with the women in the office. I guess I was the logical choice because most of the women were married, divorced and didn't want to see another man, or they had significant others who kept a strict eye on them.

After calling a taxi, I headed down the stairs to the front of the foyer to wait for the taxi. Even though I had only a few bucks until I received my bonus, if we were going to get a bonus, the dress was too special to hop a streetcar.

Before I could get to the next level of stairs, I heard a closed door and a lock. I reached in my small bag and put my hands on my keys. I knew who was behind me. My neighbor. I readied myself but I kept walking.

When I stopped at the door, I stood to the side. He kept walking without saying anything. Then he opened the door, and turned and looked me in the eyes. It was the first time I had seen him up close. His hair brown on the sides but mostly blond. To my surprise he had a handsome face. That is if he wasn't so obnoxious. His body was ordinary and not as fit as Santa, but he had a respectable body. If he was half as respectable as his body then he might be attractive.

In a hoarse tone he said, "You look very pretty tonight. Have a good evening." And he strutted out the door and on to the street. I was shocked at his civility. I guess that's all it takes for some men to act right--threaten them with mace.

When I looked through the frosted glass the taxi was parked outside. It took only a few minutes to arrive at Steele's building and I was walking into the elevator. I suddenly became panicky. I wasn't nervous before but the thought that I had to somehow seduce the boss got to me.

All kinds of thoughts ran through my head. Suppose Kesha is wrong about him not being gay. I would look like a fool. But I had one way to find that out before the situation became critical.

I got my courage together, took a large breath and stepped into the elevator with some of the men and women in my department. We wore smiles of optimism. After all it was almost Christmas. Best time of the year. Right.

We stepped off and to our surprise the large conference room was decked out in Christmas colors. Red, green, and white. In the corner stood a large fresh tall real Christmas tree which extended to the ceiling. And on top of it an ornamental angel in white and gold. The glass bulbs hanging from it were gold.

All the office people were standing gawking and marveling at the tree with faux presents surrounding it.

Christmas songs were playing and the liquor was flowing. Kesha rushed up to me with a drink in her hand, "See that chair over there." She pointed to a large chair with reindeer on each side. "That's where Mr. Steele will be sitting."

I looked around. I was the only one there who wasn't drunk. "It looks like no one will be driving tonight."

"That's right. Mr. Steele will have us driven home in stretch limos. So drink up." Kesha said taking a gulp of what looked and smelled like brandy.

Then she stared at me and said, "Holy shit. You look hot. How can he resist you? Look at all the men in the room. They are looking at you. They want to fuck you. And believe me that's good."

"Half of them haven't had a fuck in years. That's why they're looking at me that way. Rodger is seventy five and his wife is dead. Bill just had twins for a second time within a year. Do I have to go on?"

"Why do you put yourself down like that?" Kesha said.

"I'm not putting myself down, I'm just stating a fact. If Mr. Steele is a loser like the rest of the men in this company, then it won't be hard to turn his head," I said glancing around hoping to get this over with.

"He's a good looking man. Just a kind of a nerd. The way he dresses, but you don't have to deal with that because he's coming in a Santa's costume."

And why did Kesha say that? I started thinking about my Santa. The one I left in California. The one I would do anything to have back. I would fall to my knees and give him a blow job if I could just see his face once more.

As I was thinking, a group of twenty people pivoted around with drinks in their hands and the others reaching for drinks as the waiters passed with their trays full. Then a loud applause with everyone clapping their hands and raising their glasses.

I leaned over to Kesha and said, "Maybe I don't have to do this after all. It seems they are expecting to get a nice bonus. Why else would they clap and cheer?"

"We don't know anything until we get those envelops into our hands. But it does look promising. That's him. That's him," Kesha said jumping up and down, almost spilling her drink, joining the chorus of drunken festivities. He was coming our way. I stood aside with Kesha and let him through.

"Does he have to make such a spectacle? Couldn't he have sent this to our accounts?" I questioned as he passed dressed in his Santa suit with a red and white cap and a full white beard. Then he stopped and turned to me. He looked and said nothing and then he continued walking and smiling at his drunken employees.

Kesha nudged me in the side. And after he took his seat she said, "See, what did I tell you? That red dress will get you fucked tonight," she whispered in my ear.

"I'm not fucking anyone tonight." I whispered back.

"Then suck his dick. I don't care what you do just get us something extra in our paychecks." I scowled at her.

Mr. Steele turned and stood in front of his chair and began to talk. His voice raspy and hoarse. Over six feet. Nice. "Where have I heard that voice before?" I wondered.

He talked about his company, how he got started and how we were a vital part of making it what it is today. A billion dollar company. I did all I could to contain myself from shouting: fuck you Santa. Tell us if you're going to give us a bonus and raise. Leave all the pretty shit out and get on with it.

Then he stopped and Jenna Ann brought him a large satchel.

"If you will line up and come forward, I have your Christmas bonus checks and your raise will be on your next paycheck. I could have put it into your accounts but that is too impersonal. I want to meet all my employees. I've been too busy before and I know you have been working hard. I thought it would be better to give it to you and shake your hands and tell you thank you and how much I appreciate your talent and dedication."

The crowd pushed their way to line up, and Kesha and I waited ended up last. Well I was last. Finally I reached his chair. He gave me a strange closed smile. His eyes lit up. And he said in the most erotic and seductive voice, "Would you like to sit on Santa's lap?"

I looked at him stunned. But he wasn't married. And I wasn't married and I had promised my friends that I would at least try to seduce him and in that way I was keeping my promise.

"Sure, Santa. Why not?" I was close to him and I looked into his eyes and that's when I noticed something familiar. It was in his eyes. Those eyes reminded me of Santa. My Santa and all my fury came full force. I forgot about seducing him. I extended my hand and he touched my fingers reaching to pull me to his lap when I jerked my hand back. And leaned in to him and whispered.

"Not unless you're prepared to pay a harassment suit."

He glared at me. Obviously he kept himself locked up in his office and condo where he didn't know what was going on in the outside world. And I had shattered that world of rich powerful men with that statement.

Well fuck you Santa. Number seven. And this one had it coming just like my Santa who took my heart and trashed it after he broke my heart.

Santa's eyes narrowed and then he smiled. "Here's your bonus." I had to lean in to get it and I saw him close his eyes and sniff me. He held on to the envelope as he got a good look at my breasts.

"Nice perfume. Pretty dress. A beautiful woman in a sexy dress makes my day. What more could a man want for Christmas?" Before I could snatch my bonus from his hands he said, "Would you have dinner with me tonight?"

"Well I don't know, Santa? Could you take off that beard and hair?" I smiled broadly and then let if fade.

"Don't tell me you're one of those superficial women."

"You have nice eyes..." And I looked closer. "Would you like me if I were bald?" I asked.

"Maybe if you didn't lose that color of skin. I've got a weakness for black women." Looking at him speechless for a second I was ready to say what I thought of him, when Jenna Ann strutted over.

|  |

---|---|---

# April

# Chapter Thirteen

"I see you're getting along with Mr. Steele. I thought you two would hit it off when I suggested you house sit in my parents' home for a week." Suddenly I'm speechless. Suddenly I know where I've seen those eyes before. Suddenly I shake my head and blurt out, "No." And I run through the drunken crowd.

Santa's face turned a sickly red and before I could extricate myself from his presence, he stood and rushed after me. Catching me in the hallway to my office, he grabs me by the arm and holds me tight in his arms. He turns me loose and takes my hand. Then he leads me to the dance floor. I follow him. He pulls off that obnoxious beard and let it drop on the floor. But he keeps the hat. He takes me in his arms.

How convenient. They're playing, "I'll be home for Christmas." He whispers in my ear. "Don't go. I have to do some explaining. Have dinner with me." The song and his calm voice, his steady gaze pacified me, and I forget for a few minutes how unhappy I was because he's in front of me now. The man I love is here.

Then he looked up at Jenna Ann, "I have to talk to..., and he paused and gaped at me, "What's your name?"

"Fuck you Santa." Number eight. And I rushed from his arms as the DJ played, "Santa Baby," by Madonna.

I grabbed a drink on my way to my office space and called a cab.

After hanging up, my eyes followed the shadow of a man's silhouette standing in the doorway. His broad shoulders and long arms took my breath away. He had taken off that ridiculous costume. And he had on a black suit with a white shirt and no tie.

"Are you going to let me explain?" he said with a velvet strong tone. I guess he thought he was taking charge of the situation. After all he is my boss or was he?

"There's nothing you can say to me to make me forget what I saw in your home right after you left me in the bed after you fucked my brains out." I wanted to smile, thinking about that wonderful feeling, which I will never have again. Instead, I furrowed my brow and said, "My name is April and fuck you, Santa."

"When?" He said breathless and closed the door behind him, and in the dim light he strolled over to my desk. Looking around he said, "Remind me to get you a larger office." He sat on the corner of my desk and leaned into me.

"I don't think I will be around that long. I'm taking my bonus and I'm moving out of San Francisco." Number nine.

"You can't." His voice full of panic.

"And you can't stop me." My voice defiant.

"At least hear me out. Come with me to my condo. I can have my cook prepare dinner for the two of us." I thought for a minute. Maybe he did deserve me to listen to him. But if it sound made up, I would know. I've dealt with men who lie and my special radar goes out. But could I trust myself with him? The way he looks all sexy, his shirt opened and showing dark fine hair. I wanted to trail my fingers down his chest once before I said goodbye to him.

I would have to go with him to find out if I could say goodbye to that fine man.

"I'll have dinner with you." I shouldn't have agreed, but I wanted to be in his arms. I felt myself weakening at the sound of his voice, looking into his hazel green eyes, feeling the softness of his dark hair and the smell of expensive aftershave. I felt myself weakening at the desire for his mouth touching mine, his manhood entering me and the feel of his tongue on my clit bringing me almost to orgasm before he placed his penis inside of me.

"Good," he said lifting himself from my desk and standing over me. "My car will be waiting downstairs. When you're ready, I'll be waiting for you in it. First I have to let Jenna Ann know about me leaving."

"What about your employees who's looking forward to socializing with you?"

"Everyone is probably drunk by now and enjoying themselves and they don't want the boss to see them make fools of themselves. And besides, they know I don't socialize well."

"That's because they didn't see you in Malibu with your head under the covers and that blond with the fake breasts moaning and groaning." And I glared at him.

He turned on his way out the door. "We need to talk," he said. "I'll see you soon."

|  |

---|---|---

# Dominic

I couldn't believe my eyes when I spotted my baby standing in that red dress like the queen of the Nile. I could have gone the entire night without knowing that it was the same woman that is making my life a living hell.

It was that long hair that threw me off, but once she came close to me, I smelled her scent and I knew it was my baby. I haven't been able to sleep and eat. Just today I contacted an investigator to find her. Now she's here but I have work to do because she's cautious of me.

My work is cut out for me. I will have to work harder at this relationship than I have ever have with anyone because I want this woman. I need this woman.

I informed everyone that I will be leaving early and they didn't mind. Hell I don't think they heard me or cared. They were happy after they looked at their bonuses and waited to shake my hands as I walk out the door.

Contented at finding April, I strolled to my limo relaxed for the first time, and I wait and I wait for April to come to me so I could bring her to my place and explain to her. Maybe somehow I can convince her that it wasn't me she saw in my bed. I know that's a hard one to swallow, but that wasn't me.

That's not the man I am.

By now I'm nervous. It has been an hour and I'm still waiting and worrying that she has stood me up. As I'm opening the door, and stepping on the sidewalk to go back into the party, a young black girl walks up to me. I recognize her as April's friend and one of my employees.

"Mr. Steele, April left this note for you."

"Where is she?" My heart pound. I had to catch my breath as I opened the envelope.

"I think she's gone home."

"But I didn't see her," I said to her.

"I think she took the elevator when you were surrounded by your people shaking your hand. She handed me the envelope and said to be sure that you got it."

"Where does she live?" Her friend Kesha was eager to give me her address. She acted hesitant at first because it became apparent that April didn't want me to find her. All kinds of things flashed into my mind. I thought I would never see her again. I couldn't tolerate another sleepless night. I had it bad.

After stepping into the car, my driver took off into the traffic, and the music playing over the sound system was, "Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas." After I settled back in my seat to listen to the song, I poured a drink of bourbon, and then opened the letter.

Since I don't have your cell number, I decided to write you this short note. "Fuck you Santa." Number ten.

April

|  |

---|---|---

# April

I had to get out of there. I was stunned at how easily I was about to give in to Santa. I mean Dominic Steele, Mr. Fuck me, Santa. As one of the women who have been on the receiving end of his tongue, I had said in a fit of passion and orgasm, "Fuck me, Santa. Fuck me."

Livid is not quite the word I would use to explain how mad I am. I have to remember he was my boss. I'm typing up my resignation letter now. I want to cry because I don't want to admit that I want him bad. Angry and breathing hard, I turn to the envelope with my bonus check and open it.

"Holy shit. That much and stock options, too." I'm breathless again but for a different reason. I feel as if he had been fucking my body, but now he was fucking with my mind. What am I going to do? I questioned. If I stay, then I can't have a relationship with him. Who says you're going to have a relationship? You as much as said that you weren't going to be with him by walking out on him.

And did you see how Jenna Ann palmed his crouch in the hallway. She was waiting for you to get out of there and you fell into her trap. My mind took me on a hellish ride and I didn't know how to get off. I started talking to myself.

What man is going to stand by and let you make a fool of him in front of his staff? "What about me? He made a fool of me," I shouted.

"Shut up over there. We're trying to get some sleep." The voice came from next door and then to cap it off he banged on the wall. Bam! Bam! Bam! Sound like he used a shoe instead of his fist. At any moment I thought it would go through the wall and he would be sitting on my bed.

"Good. Now you know how it feels," I shouted back. Then silence.

I know I have to get out of here when I can't even talk without someone hearing me. I look again at the bank check and I see a new apartment and a new car. But if I leave Steele's company how am I going to pay for the new apartment and new car I've been dreaming about for years?

I'm in a catch twenty-two. I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't. But I can't give in to him even if I want him so much I can taste him. There must be a way I can save face, but I don't know how. I'm crazy about him, but I can't forget the blond in the bed and him covered up, head under and between her, and doing to her what he had done to me just hours earlier.

"Fuck me."

"That's right, if you don't keep it quiet over there, I will fuck you," the agitated voice said.

I furrowed my brow. After that outburst I knew what I had to do.

|  |

---|---|---

# Dominic

# Chapter Fourteen

--------

When my limo stopped in front of a row house that appeared to be under construction, I glanced around at April's neighborhood. It wasn't bad, but I couldn't have the soon to be woman of my children living in those conditions.

The three story old house looked prewar, WWII, as if it was under constant construction. It didn't look safe to me.

I had to get her out of there. Finally realizing that not paying a bonus to my employees and not giving them a raise in four years, only promises, especially to the woman who made everything easy for me, and not to forget that I wanted her so badly that I couldn't eat or sleep, I had prevented her and the others from having the basic necessities in life.

With a young woman like April, she deserved more, and if she gives me a chance, I will try to make it up to her.

"Wait for me," I said to my driver. I shouldn't be long." As I reached for the car door handle, "Santa Claus is Coming to Town," was the next song coming over the sound system. Indeed, Santa Claus was coming to town and April had better watch out.

My driver loved the Christmas songs and although he played them each year, this was the first time I heard them.

I stepped out and buzzed the bell. I spotted her name right off on one of the bells, no one answered. I wondered if she had returned home. I glanced down at my watch and it was twelve-forty-five. Almost one o'clock in the morning.

Where is she, I wondered. If she's out on a date, I won't forgive her. I can't believe I'm thinking like that. But I'm not going anywhere. I'm will stay here until she comes home. And then I'm going to confront her and the man she's cheating on me with. I must have lost my mind. Now I'm blaming April for making me crazy.

I stare at the door and reach and push all the buzzers and someone opens the door. I don't know which floor she's on, but then I see the mailbox and she's on the third floor. I look up and there's a long staircase and a sign on the elevator that it's out of service.

As I reach the third floor, I'm glad I'm in shape, and then a door opens and a blond guy who is naked says, "Who the fuck are you, dude."

"I'm looking for April."

"There's no April here."

"She lives in this building because her name is on the mailbox," I say with a gruff tone. He turns to walk back inside and I say, "She's black."

"Oh. The sexy black chick. She lives next door." He points. "You must have it bad to be ringing her bell this time of night. Usually she's sleeping, but tonight she appears to be up."

"How do you know," I inquire, staring at him wondering if he's on drugs and if he's fucking her.

"If you think I'm fucking her you're wrong. Not my type. Too strong willed. I like the ones who don't complain much. If you know what I mean. I don't like my balls crushed. You sound and look like the rich uptight type. Like you could be in for the hard stuff. Like a little S and M. A little bondage. If you like that kind of stuff, she's the one. She looks the type to take your balls from you. Just thought I'd warn you dude."

"Yeah. I'm just that type," I say and I continue walking in the direction of April's door. I nod at him and he closes his door. It appears I've found a new friend. When I reach for the bell, I peep to the side at his door and discover he's leaning out with a smirk on his face.

"I'm going to bed and fuck my woman," he says, "Good luck with yours. She looks like a hard one. I guess you won't get any tonight." I nodded again and let him think what he wanted. I stood a minute, but I had come this far and hadn't planned on being turned around.

So I rang the bell. She opened the door without asking who it was. "Oh. I thought you were that insane neighbor next door." She stood at the door in a blue baby doll top and bikini bottoms.

"Do you always dress like that, and especially when you answer the door?" I question. I don't smile because I want her to know I'm serious.

"Do you always stare? And yes, when I'm sleeping. I like to be comfortable. And it's none of your business how I answer my door."

"Can I sleep with you?" My voice cracks because I'm nervous. This maybe my last chance.

"No. It's late." Her answer is abrupt.

"Let him in will you," the neighbor said, "so I can get some fucking sleep." When April turned to respond I walked in. She stood with her arms crossed surprised to see me standing near her and looking around her apartment.

"Do you live here?" I asked and I knew it was a stupid question when it left my mouth.

"No. I just come here to sleep, but I don't get much of that as you can see. I mostly sleep at work." I sat on her sofa without being asked and she stood a moment and decided to sit beside me. It was a small sofa and she almost sat on my lap. "What are you doing here?" She said.

"Sit on Santa's lap and tell him what you want for Christmas." I patted my knee. April rolled her eyes as I made an attempt at humor.

We watched at each other and then I leaned in and kissed her.

My tongue pushed deep into her mouth and she took it in and it reminded me of when my penis entered her opening. It was warm and exciting and I was hard as I shoved my cock into her. But this time she wasn't as accommodating.

"You should leave. I have a long day tomorrow." She stood and I stood with her. I walked along with her as she tried to show me the door. But I backed up against the wall. She glared at me. "What do you want, Dominic?"

"I want you to call me Santa like you did before and I want a blow job. You promised me a blow job." She began laughing.

She looked beautiful and I noticed that she had taken that false hair out. Her face young and glowing. Her shining amber eyes big and seductive. I smiled and shook my head. If we made love tonight I would never be the same.

"Fuck you, Santa." Her tone was nasty. I wanted nasty. And then she did something I didn't expect. She placed her hands through my jacket and slid my coat off and dropped it at my feet, then she unbuttoned my shirt as I watched her fingers play with each button. It was slow and agonizing to watch. Then with her other hand she cupped my cock. And winked at me with a sly grin.

"Hard isn't it?" She said and tiptoed up to kiss me and bit my lips. I was wondering if this is when she brought out the riding crop. After all she did say that she like the bondage thing. Whatever it was I was ready for it. I wanted her that much. I wanted nasty sexy, make up sex.

I braced myself against the wall as she took my shirt and flung it to the floor and then unzipped my pants and they fell to my ankles and I kicked off my loafers and stood in my Christmas boxers. She kissed my chest and trailed her fingernails down my chest as she went to her knees and looked up at me with a smile.

"I thought this would remind you of Malibu," I said.

"She smiled up at me and placed the tip of my cock in her mouth and moved around her tongue on it. Licking it up and down and using her hand to stimulate it further. She didn't even ask for a latex. She held my dick tight and I closed my eyes because I had never felt like that in my life. Where did she learn to do that? I thought.

"Tighten your mouth around my cock. Suck it hard. That's right," I moan because she does it so perfect. I know now that I need this woman. I want this woman because she is so right for me. I felt myself ready to com.

And then she glanced up at me and said, "I can't do this." I was breathless and beside myself. I held my needy cock in my hands. "Why? Why?" She had me weak and out of my mind.

"You have to go," she said looking at me with her big brown eyes. I'm out of breath and breathing as if I'm running out of air as if I've been swimming all day in the ocean. And now I'm drowning.

"I can't. You make me lose my mind and now you tell me to leave?" I say breathing hard. She's really fucking me around and I have to find out why.

"I have something to do. Remember those words." I didn't know what she was talking about.

"Tomorrow is Saturday and the company is closed for two weeks. Whatever you have to do can wait." It can wait until I unload all this cum I've been holding for you. I want to tell her, but I don't.

"I didn't know the company is closing for two weeks. That's great," she said with a smile that sends me crazy with want for her body. "Now I can look for another apartment."

"You don't have to look for an apartment. You can stay with me." I try to push my cock back into her mouth but she pushes it aside. She wants to talk and I want her to give me release in the worse way.

"I don't know you. You could be a pervert."

"I am a pervert. I want you to play with my balls and suck the cum from my dick. Does that make me a pervert? I know what you like. You could be one too," I said to her holding my cock in my hand and she's looking up at me because she's still kneeling. She has this sadistic smile on her face. It's a closed smile but her eyes are laughing at me and she's just fucking with me because she knows how much I want her now.

"You told me you wanted to tie me up and whip my ass with a rider's crop. Well now I'm willing to let you flog my ass and tie me up if you will bring me to orgasm. And you promised me a blowjob." I said to her.

"I was kidding. I was just fucking with you."

"Were you fucking with me when you asked me for a car, too?"

She lowered her eyes, "Yes."

"I bought you a car, crazy woman," I shouted.

"You did? Where is it?" She appeared excited.

"The one in Malibu you trashed when you were leaving. The camera showed you taking a rock and slamming it in the hood, windshield, and side mirror."

"I apologize for my temper, but I was hurt. I went to your house to tell you all about myself and to tell you that I like you."

"Is that all? Like? I said I loved you," I sound like a whiny bitch, but I don't care because I want to fuck this woman. I want this woman. Just this woman and no one else. She has me literally by the balls.

She rose to her feet and narrowed her eyes.

"If you loved me then why were you fucking that woman?" she shouted back and tried to walk away, but the space was so small that I reached for her arm and brought her to me. Looking into her pretty brown face with her lips so inviting, I imagine them wrapped around my dick and it made me harder than before if that were possible. I smiled from the thought.

"What's so funny? Did you think it was funny when I ran from your house? Did you think it was funny to make me cry?" I passed my finger along her jaw line and she lowered her head and I placed my hand to her chin and brought that beautiful face and those beautiful eyes up to look at me.

"I'm sorry, but it wasn't me. It was Ralph. A friend of mine. I got in late that night with the car I bought you. My friend opened up his car dealership and let me choose the one I wanted. Then when it was too late and I didn't want to wake you, I entered my bedroom and found him and a girl in my bed, so I slept in another room." She crossed her arms as if she didn't believe me. I wouldn't have believe me either. The parties wasn't me. She didn't know the real me and it wasn't that playboy type I was trying to imitate.

"I over slept the next morning, but woke when I heard the car alarm go off, but I fell back to sleep and stayed in bed until nine. By that time you were gone and you didn't leave a note. Nothing for me to find you. I couldn't sleep or eat for thinking about you. I hope you're happy. You have fucked me up because I'm standing here naked holding my dick because I don't want anyone but you."

She gave a small grin. Maybe I'm getting somewhere I thought and then April's neighbor shouted, "He bought you a fucking car. Suck his dick for crying out loud. If you don't I will."

We both looked at the wall and then at each other.

"Why don't you give me a chance? I told my mother about you. I promised her that when I find you, I would bring you to meet her and dad on Christmas. If you're lucky, you will get to meet my brother, his wife, and their brood of little munchkins. I said out of jest.

"I don't know if I'm ready to meet the whole family."

"Don't worry, they will be happy to see you. Everyone will be relieved that I'm not gay. Not that there is anything wrong with being gay. If I don't bring you home, my family will think I made you up. We can't disappoint an old woman and an old man in the twilight of their years. They want grandchildren." I gave her a wink. She wasn't impressed.

I took her hand. "Marry me."

She opened her mouth and raised her hands. "We have to take this slow and you're moving too fast for me," she said. "I'm not ready to fall in love. Or get married." April glanced at me and I pressed my body into her so she could feel me.

"I see what I want and I go after it. If you don't say yes I will be here every night banging on your door. To save time, just move in with me."

"But I don't know you," April said.

"If a woman has her mouth on a man's dick, I'd say she knows everything there is to know about him and especially if he's been between her beautiful thighs and playing around with her clit and giving her an orgasm," I said. She stood and gazed at me with a curious smile. Not a wide smile and not a closed one. She slanted her pretty head to the side as if studying me.

"We can get to know each other. I know what you like. You love for me to give you head. Just think, you can get that every night," I said.

"And what do you like?" she asked biting her lip and placing her finger in my mouth.

"You. And everything about you from those cute dimples on each side of your face to that cute mole on one of your cheeks."

"I thought when you were taking me from behind, you had your eyes closed."

"The landscape was too beautiful not to peruse it, April. You have me now and you can have me everywhere. You can have me in a bed, in a car, and speaking of car, put on your jeans and a jacket and let's go."

"April, don't be a bitch, go with the man. He loves you." The neighbor in the next apartment shouted. "I need to get some rest and besides you two are making me horny."

She grabbed her jeans pulled them up and put on a leather jacket and when she had her boots on she said, "Where to Santa?"

"For a ride to the North Pole. Have you ever fucked in the North Pole?"

"Is that where we're going?"

"No, baby. Santa's taking you to his Condo. Not in a sleigh, but in his limo and he's going to open your brown legs, put his mouth on your clit, and when he comes up for air, you and Santa will be at his apartment, and that's when he will take you from behind and you can ride his hard cock all night. Santa has some unfinished business. We need to exchange presents. And you know what I want for Christmas."

"No, I don't know."

"I want you to marry me," I said to her walking down the stairs. She smiled, like a woman ready to fuck me but not the way I want. A sexy grin. A mischievous grin.

"Only if you can prove to me that it wasn't you in that bed," she said. She doesn't quit.

"Then can I get that blowjob you promised me?"

"Are you asking me to marry you to get a blowjob?"

"Maybe," I said. "But it helps to be in love with the woman who has her mouth on your cock."

She stops in front of the car. "Supposed I don't love you."

"I will give you the best sex of your life, give you everything your heart's desire, and if you're too dumb to know how much I love you, then you're fucked," I said to her.

"Do I look stupid to you?" She climbed into the limo, a "White Christmas," was playing over the sound system. She lay back and pulled her pants down and I put my face between her legs. I loved the smell of her. I missed that. And before we reached my Condo she was screaming, "Dominic, Dominic, fuck me. Fuck me, Santa."

I love the way April says those things to me. I feel her clit pulsating in my mouth and I know she's ready to burst. I'm getting hot and thick feeling her wet cunt as I place my finger in and pull it out and at the same time sucking her clit. Then I bury my tongue deep inside her and pull it out. I like to smell and taste her.

And then she says what I've wanted her to say from the time I met her.

"I love you, Santa."

|  |

---|---|---

# The End

Below is an excerpt from Beauty and the Boss and you can find my books at most vendors.

|  |

---|---|---

# Chapter One: Taylor

Mr. Page, the text read, I would like to see you in my office the minute the class is over. I nudged my roommate Elizabeth. She leaned over and put away her phone for a moment.

"Wow, that's cool. Have you taken a good look at the Professor? He's gorgeous. Look at those shoulders, those long legs. I could get an orgasm just looking at his body. I bet Ford couldn't build a body like his."

I glanced up and took a better look. "He has to be close to thirty. And why am I discussing his ass with you during this lecture. Don't you know how important it is for me to get an A.?"

"You are dreaming if you think you will get an A out of this class," Elizabeth said. I rolled my eyes at her.

"At least I'm willing to try." Then we heard whispers saying for us to shut it.

The professor turned around to look at the screen overhead and change the PowerPoint presentation.

He wore a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up and dark slacks. From where I sat I could see that expensive watch. Not your normal professors' attire. Some of the professors came to class in mom jeans or a suit that looked like they slept in it.

"I wouldn't give a fuck if he was twenty years older. Look at that body. And fuck me if he doesn't have an ass that you could bounce a quarter off."

"Now why would I want to bounce a quarter off his ass? And why are we talking about that anyway. Look at this text. He thinks I'm a man."

"In this large auditorium how is he supposed to know what you are?"

"You would at least think he would take the time to read the student's names correctly."

"There are too many in this lecture hall. This place holds more than one hundred seats and they are all filled to capacity. It seems the visiting professor Erickson is very popular with the females. Just look around," Elizabeth said.

I did a complete turn to the right, to the left, and behind me and sure enough at least three-fourths of the class were females.

"Since when have you seen so many women in one class and Business Math no less?" Elizabeth said.

"We're here because we couldn't pass our regular math class and you said we could get an easy grade. This has been the hardest stuff I've had to tackle and I'll probably lose my small scholarship and will have to get a part time job somewhere to stay in school and pay my portion of the rent. I'm already up to my ass in courses. I can't take anymore. I can't pass the ones I have," I said to Elizabeth.

"I'm in the same boat," Elizabeth interjected.

"But you have a family on Long Island who's willing to put up with your failings. Mine are not. They can't support me if I lose my scholarships and I will have to go to work and I'm just in my second year in college and I pissed away the first year with you drinking and dancing and doing all kinds of stupid white girl shit," I said. "I'm black. I can't afford to do that shit you white girls do."

"What's color got to do with it? I know some black girls that would put me to shame." I glanced over at Elizabeth and raised an eyebrow. She was right. It had nothing to do with color. Some people like to party and others didn't.

"You would know everybody," I said. "And where did you meet them? In some alley or at one of your boyfriends' place?"

Elizabeth opened her phone, looked at me and said, "I don't kiss and tell."

Just then someone next to Elizabeth whispered, "Shut up. You have been talking the entire class. We can't concentrate." I leaned passed Elizabeth and shot her a nasty look. It's nothing like a black girl when she gets angry. I wasn't about to fight anyone but white girls don't know that. Not the ones in New York and not the ones at this fancy university.

In Texas the white girls are as surly as the black girls and they carry guns so everyone gives everyone respect in Texas.

But I'm in New York at a university I couldn't afford and now I will have to end up going back to Houston if this doesn't pan out. As the time was nearing for me to be in Mr. Erickson's office, I was getting nervous. The class was over and we picked up our backpacks and walked out of the hall. We stood outside and I made the mistake of asking Elizabeth for advice. This was a woman who was a senior and due to graduate and she was about twenty-four or twenty-five.

"What should I do, Elizabeth?"

"Offer to fuck him or give him a blow job for a good grade." I stopped in my tracks.

"You can't be serious?" I said narrowing my eyes.

"I am as serious as cancer. How do you think I passed those classes? Do you think I knew anything about engineering? You need a serious amount of math classes and I know nothing and I'm getting ready to graduate. What about you?"

"But you took a class from Professor Nesbitt. He has to be about seventy," I whispered.

"Seventy five if a day," Elizabeth said smiling. "His wife had just died and he looked so lonely..."

"I've heard enough. I'm not offering to suck his dick or any of that other stuff. I didn't go through high school without a boyfriend, and work to pay out of state fees, and then with the cyber bulling, to find myself on my knees and sucking my professor's dick."

"He's not your professor. He's a visiting professor and as soon as you get your grade you never have to see him again." I gave Elizabeth a deserved scowl and trotted away. I was glad to leave Elizabeth. She had clouded my mind and I had considered what she proposed but for a second. What if he refused me, then I would be kicked out of school, and sent home and then I would have to live with that all my life.

That was a bridge too far and a price too high to pay. As I was turning the corner, I saw the back of him walking and just as Elizabeth had said those thighs and ass were so hard I took chills. I couldn't imagine what he had done to get them that hard, and it wasn't in a classroom all day.

End of Excerpt

You can buy this book now at all EBook sellers. Or check out my books below

Thank you for buying my books. If you enjoyed them please leave a review.